absorbuoti, absorbuoti
absorbuoju, absorbuoti
absorbuoji, absorbuoti
absorbuoja, absorbuoti
absorbuojame, absorbuoti
absorbuojate, absorbuoti
absorbuok, absorbuoti
absorbuokite, absorbuoti
absorbuokime, absorbuoti
absorbavau, absorbuoti
absorbavai, absorbuoti
absorbavo, absorbuoti
absorbavome, absorbuoti
absorbavote, absorbuoti
absorbuodavau, absorbuoti
absorbuodavai, absorbuoti
absorbuodavo, absorbuoti
absorbuodavome, absorbuoti
absorbuodavote, absorbuoti
absorbuosiu, absorbuoti
absorbuosi, absorbuoti
absorbuos, absorbuoti
absorbuosime, absorbuoti
absorbuosite, absorbuoti
absorbuočiau, absorbuoti
absorbuotum(ei), absorbuoti
absorbuotų, absorbuoti
absorbuotu(mė)me, absorbuoti
absorbuotu(mė)te, absorbuoti
abstrahuoti, abstrahuoti
abstrahuoju, abstrahuoti
abstrahuoji, abstrahuoti
abstrahuoja, abstrahuoti
abstrahuojame, abstrahuoti
abstrahuojate, abstrahuoti
abstrahuok, abstrahuoti
abstrahuokite, abstrahuoti
abstrahuokime, abstrahuoti
abstrahavau, abstrahuoti
abstrahavai, abstrahuoti
abstrahavo, abstrahuoti
abstrahavome, abstrahuoti
abstrahavote, abstrahuoti
abstrahuodavau, abstrahuoti
abstrahuodavai, abstrahuoti
abstrahuodavo, abstrahuoti
abstrahuodavome, abstrahuoti
abstrahuodavote, abstrahuoti
abstrahuosiu, abstrahuoti
abstrahuosi, abstrahuoti
abstrahuos, abstrahuoti
abstrahuosime, abstrahuoti
abstrahuosite, abstrahuoti
abstrahuočiau, abstrahuoti
abstrahuotum(ei), abstrahuoti
abstrahuotų, abstrahuoti
abstrahuotu(mė)me, abstrahuoti
abstrahuotu(mė)te, abstrahuoti
abuojėti, abuojėti
abuojėju, abuojėti
abuojėji, abuojėti
abuojėja, abuojėti
abuojėjame, abuojėti
abuojėjate, abuojėti
abuojėk, abuojėti
abuojėkite, abuojėti
abuojėkime, abuojėti
abuojėjau, abuojėti
abuojėjai, abuojėti
abuojėjo, abuojėti
abuojėjome, abuojėti
abuojėjote, abuojėti
abuojėdavau, abuojėti
abuojėdavai, abuojėti
abuojėdavo, abuojėti
abuojėdavome, abuojėti
abuojėdavote, abuojėti
abuojėsiu, abuojėti
abuojėsi, abuojėti
abuojės, abuojėti
abuojėsime, abuojėti
abuojėsite, abuojėti
abuojėčiau, abuojėti
abuojėtum(ei), abuojėti
abuojėtų, abuojėti
abuojėtu(mė)me, abuojėti
abuojėtu(mė)te, abuojėti
adaptuoti, adaptuoti
adaptuoju, adaptuoti
adaptuoji, adaptuoti
adaptuoja, adaptuoti
adaptuojame, adaptuoti
adaptuojate, adaptuoti
adaptuok, adaptuoti
adaptuokite, adaptuoti
adaptuokime, adaptuoti
adaptavau, adaptuoti
adaptavai, adaptuoti
adaptavo, adaptuoti
adaptavome, adaptuoti
adaptavote, adaptuoti
adaptuodavau, adaptuoti
adaptuodavai, adaptuoti
adaptuodavo, adaptuoti
adaptuodavome, adaptuoti
adaptuodavote, adaptuoti
adaptuosiu, adaptuoti
adaptuosi, adaptuoti
adaptuos, adaptuoti
adaptuosime, adaptuoti
adaptuosite, adaptuoti
adaptuočiau, adaptuoti
adaptuotum(ei), adaptuoti
adaptuotų, adaptuoti
adaptuotu(mė)me, adaptuoti
adaptuotu(mė)te, adaptuoti
adinėti, adinėti
adinėju, adinėti
adinėji, adinėti
adinėja, adinėti
adinėjame, adinėti
adinėjate, adinėti
adinėk, adinėti
adinėkite, adinėti
adinėkime, adinėti
adinėjau, adinėti
adinėjai, adinėti
adinėjo, adinėti
adinėjome, adinėti
adinėjote, adinėti
adinėdavau, adinėti
adinėdavai, adinėti
adinėdavo, adinėti
adinėdavome, adinėti
adinėdavote, adinėti
adinėsiu, adinėti
adinėsi, adinėti
adinės, adinėti
adinėsime, adinėti
adinėsite, adinėti
adinėčiau, adinėti
adinėtum(ei), adinėti
adinėtų, adinėti
adinėtu(mė)me, adinėti
adinėtu(mė)te, adinėti
administruoti, administruoti
administruoju, administruoti
administruoji, administruoti
administruoja, administruoti
administruojame, administruoti
administruojate, administruoti
administruok, administruoti
administruokite, administruoti
administruokime, administruoti
administravau, administruoti
administravai, administruoti
administravo, administruoti
administravome, administruoti
administravote, administruoti
administruodavau, administruoti
administruodavai, administruoti
administruodavo, administruoti
administruodavome, administruoti
administruodavote, administruoti
administruosiu, administruoti
administruosi, administruoti
administruos, administruoti
administruosime, administruoti
administruosite, administruoti
administruočiau, administruoti
administruotum(ei), administruoti
administruotų, administruoti
administruotu(mė)me, administruoti
administruotu(mė)te, administruoti
adresuoti, adresuoti
adresuoju, adresuoti
adresuoji, adresuoti
adresuoja, adresuoti
adresuojame, adresuoti
adresuojate, adresuoti
adresuok, adresuoti
adresuokite, adresuoti
adresuokime, adresuoti
adresavau, adresuoti
adresavai, adresuoti
adresavo, adresuoti
adresavome, adresuoti
adresavote, adresuoti
adresuodavau, adresuoti
adresuodavai, adresuoti
adresuodavo, adresuoti
adresuodavome, adresuoti
adresuodavote, adresuoti
adresuosiu, adresuoti
adresuosi, adresuoti
adresuos, adresuoti
adresuosime, adresuoti
adresuosite, adresuoti
adresuočiau, adresuoti
adresuotum(ei), adresuoti
adresuotų, adresuoti
adresuotu(mė)me, adresuoti
adresuotu(mė)te, adresuoti
adyti, adyti
adžau, adyti
adai, adyti
ado, adyti
adome, adyti
adote, adyti
adyk, adyti
adykite, adyti
adykime, adyti
adei, adyti
adė, adyti
adėme, adyti
adėte, adyti
adydavau, adyti
adydavai, adyti
adydavo, adyti
adydavome, adyti
adydavote, adyti
adysiu, adyti
adysi, adyti
adys, adyti
adysime, adyti
adysite, adyti
adyčiau, adyti
adytum(ei), adyti
adytų, adyti
adytu(mė)me, adyti
adytu(mė)te, adyti
aidėti, aidėti
aidžiu, aidėti
aidi, aidėti
aidi, aidėti
aidime, aidėti
aidite, aidėti
aidėk, aidėti
aidėkite, aidėti
aidėkime, aidėti
aidėjau, aidėti
aidėjai, aidėti
aidėjo, aidėti
aidėjome, aidėti
aidėjote, aidėti
aidėdavau, aidėti
aidėdavai, aidėti
aidėdavo, aidėti
aidėdavome, aidėti
aidėdavote, aidėti
aidėsiu, aidėti
aidėsi, aidėti
aidės, aidėti
aidėsime, aidėti
aidėsite, aidėti
aidėčiau, aidėti
aidėtum(ei), aidėti
aidėtų, aidėti
aidėtu(mė)me, aidėti
aidėtu(mė)te, aidėti
aikčioti, aikčioti
aikčioju, aikčioti
aikčioji, aikčioti
aikčioja, aikčioti
aikčiojame, aikčioti
aikčiojate, aikčioti
aikčiok, aikčioti
aikčiokite, aikčioti
aikčiokime, aikčioti
aikčiojau, aikčioti
aikčiojai, aikčioti
aikčiojo, aikčioti
aikčiojome, aikčioti
aikčiojote, aikčioti
aikčiodavau, aikčioti
aikčiodavai, aikčioti
aikčiodavo, aikčioti
aikčiodavome, aikčioti
aikčiodavote, aikčioti
aikčiosiu, aikčioti
aikčiosi, aikčioti
aikčios, aikčioti
aikčiosime, aikčioti
aikčiosite, aikčioti
aikčiočiau, aikčioti
aikčiotum(ei), aikčioti
aikčiotų, aikčioti
aikčiotu(mė)me, aikčioti
aikčiotu(mė)te, aikčioti
akcentuoti, akcentuoti
akcentuoju, akcentuoti
akcentuoji, akcentuoti
akcentuoja, akcentuoti
akcentuojame, akcentuoti
akcentuojate, akcentuoti
akcentuok, akcentuoti
akcentuokite, akcentuoti
akcentuokime, akcentuoti
akcentavau, akcentuoti
akcentavai, akcentuoti
akcentavo, akcentuoti
akcentavome, akcentuoti
akcentavote, akcentuoti
akcentuodavau, akcentuoti
akcentuodavai, akcentuoti
akcentuodavo, akcentuoti
akcentuodavome, akcentuoti
akcentuodavote, akcentuoti
akcentuosiu, akcentuoti
akcentuosi, akcentuoti
akcentuos, akcentuoti
akcentuosime, akcentuoti
akcentuosite, akcentuoti
akcentuočiau, akcentuoti
akcentuotum(ei), akcentuoti
akcentuotų, akcentuoti
akcentuotu(mė)me, akcentuoti
akcentuotu(mė)te, akcentuoti
akėti, akėti
akėju, akėti
akėji, akėti
akėja, akėti
akėjame, akėti
akėjate, akėti
akėk, akėti
akėkite, akėti
akėkime, akėti
akėjau, akėti
akėjai, akėti
akėjo, akėti
akėjome, akėti
akėjote, akėti
akėdavau, akėti
akėdavai, akėti
akėdavo, akėti
akėdavome, akėti
akėdavote, akėti
akėsiu, akėti
akėsi, akėti
akės, akėti
akėsime, akėti
akėsite, akėti
akėčiau, akėti
akėtum(ei), akėti
akėtų, akėti
akėtu(mė)me, akėti
akėtu(mė)te, akėti
akinti, akinti
akinu, akinti
akini, akinti
akina, akinti
akiname, akinti
akinate, akinti
akink, akinti
akinkite, akinti
akinkime, akinti
akinau, akinti
akinai, akinti
akino, akinti
akinome, akinti
akinote, akinti
akindavau, akinti
akindavai, akinti
akindavo, akinti
akindavome, akinti
akindavote, akinti
akinsiu, akinti
akinsi, akinti
akins, akinti
akinsime, akinti
akinsite, akinti
akinčiau, akinti
akintum(ei), akinti
akintų, akinti
akintu(mė)me, akinti
akintu(mė)te, akinti
akti, akti
anku, akti
anki, akti
anka, akti
ankame, akti
ankate, akti
ak, akti
akite, akti
akime, akti
akau, akti
akai, akti
ako, akti
akome, akti
akote, akti
akdavau, akti
akdavai, akti
akdavo, akti
akdavome, akti
akdavote, akti
aksiu, akti
aksi, akti
aks, akti
aksime, akti
aksite, akti
akčiau, akti
aktum(ei), akti
aktų, akti
aktu(mė)me, akti
aktu(mė)te, akti
aktyvėti, aktyvėti
aktyvėju, aktyvėti
aktyvėji, aktyvėti
aktyvėja, aktyvėti
aktyvėjame, aktyvėti
aktyvėjate, aktyvėti
aktyvėk, aktyvėti
aktyvėkite, aktyvėti
aktyvėkime, aktyvėti
aktyvėjau, aktyvėti
aktyvėjai, aktyvėti
aktyvėjo, aktyvėti
aktyvėjome, aktyvėti
aktyvėjote, aktyvėti
aktyvėdavau, aktyvėti
aktyvėdavai, aktyvėti
aktyvėdavo, aktyvėti
aktyvėdavome, aktyvėti
aktyvėdavote, aktyvėti
aktyvėsiu, aktyvėti
aktyvėsi, aktyvėti
aktyvės, aktyvėti
aktyvėsime, aktyvėti
aktyvėsite, aktyvėti
aktyvėčiau, aktyvėti
aktyvėtum(ei), aktyvėti
aktyvėtų, aktyvėti
aktyvėtu(mė)me, aktyvėti
aktyvėtu(mė)te, aktyvėti
aktyvinti, aktyvinti
aktyvinu, aktyvinti
aktyvini, aktyvinti
aktyvina, aktyvinti
aktyviname, aktyvinti
aktyvinate, aktyvinti
aktyvink, aktyvinti
aktyvinkite, aktyvinti
aktyvinkime, aktyvinti
aktyvinau, aktyvinti
aktyvinai, aktyvinti
aktyvino, aktyvinti
aktyvinome, aktyvinti
aktyvinote, aktyvinti
aktyvindavau, aktyvinti
aktyvindavai, aktyvinti
aktyvindavo, aktyvinti
aktyvindavome, aktyvinti
aktyvindavote, aktyvinti
aktyvinsiu, aktyvinti
aktyvinsi, aktyvinti
aktyvins, aktyvinti
aktyvinsime, aktyvinti
aktyvinsite, aktyvinti
aktyvinčiau, aktyvinti
aktyvintum(ei), aktyvinti
aktyvintų, aktyvinti
aktyvintu(mė)me, aktyvinti
aktyvintu(mė)te, aktyvinti
aktyvuoti, aktyvuoti
aktyvuoju, aktyvuoti
aktyvuoji, aktyvuoti
aktyvuoja, aktyvuoti
aktyvuojame, aktyvuoti
aktyvuojate, aktyvuoti
aktyvuok, aktyvuoti
aktyvuokite, aktyvuoti
aktyvuokime, aktyvuoti
aktyvavau, aktyvuoti
aktyvavai, aktyvuoti
aktyvavo, aktyvuoti
aktyvavome, aktyvuoti
aktyvavote, aktyvuoti
aktyvuodavau, aktyvuoti
aktyvuodavai, aktyvuoti
aktyvuodavo, aktyvuoti
aktyvuodavome, aktyvuoti
aktyvuodavote, aktyvuoti
aktyvuosiu, aktyvuoti
aktyvuosi, aktyvuoti
aktyvuos, aktyvuoti
aktyvuosime, aktyvuoti
aktyvuosite, aktyvuoti
aktyvuočiau, aktyvuoti
aktyvuotum(ei), aktyvuoti
aktyvuotų, aktyvuoti
aktyvuotu(mė)me, aktyvuoti
aktyvuotu(mė)te, aktyvuoti
alkti, alkti
alkstu, alkti
alksti, alkti
alksta, alkti
alkstame, alkti
alkstate, alkti
alk, alkti
alkite, alkti
alkime, alkti
alkau, alkti
alkai, alkti
alko, alkti
alkome, alkti
alkote, alkti
alkdavau, alkti
alkdavai, alkti
alkdavo, alkti
alkdavome, alkti
alkdavote, alkti
alksiu, alkti
alksi, alkti
alks, alkti
alksime, alkti
alksite, alkti
alkčiau, alkti
alktum(ei), alkti
alktų, alkti
alktu(mė)me, alkti
alktu(mė)te, alkti
alpti, alpti
alpstu, alpti
alpsti, alpti
alpsta, alpti
alpstame, alpti
alpstate, alpti
alpk, alpti
alpkite, alpti
alpkime, alpti
alpau, alpti
alpai, alpti
alpo, alpti
alpome, alpti
alpote, alpti
alpdavau, alpti
alpdavai, alpti
alpdavo, alpti
alpdavome, alpti
alpdavote, alpti
alpsiu, alpti
alpsi, alpti
alps, alpti
alpsime, alpti
alpsite, alpti
alpčiau, alpti
alptum(ei), alpti
alptų, alpti
alptu(mė)me, alpti
alptu(mė)te, alpti
alsinti, alsinti
alsinu, alsinti
alsini, alsinti
alsina, alsinti
alsiname, alsinti
alsinate, alsinti
alsink, alsinti
alsinkite, alsinti
alsinkime, alsinti
alsinau, alsinti
alsinai, alsinti
alsino, alsinti
alsinome, alsinti
alsinote, alsinti
alsindavau, alsinti
alsindavai, alsinti
alsindavo, alsinti
alsindavome, alsinti
alsindavote, alsinti
alsinsiu, alsinti
alsinsi, alsinti
alsins, alsinti
alsinsime, alsinti
alsinsite, alsinti
alsinčiau, alsinti
alsintum(ei), alsinti
alsintų, alsinti
alsintu(mė)me, alsinti
alsintu(mė)te, alsinti
amputuoti, amputuoti
amputuoju, amputuoti
amputuoji, amputuoti
amputuoja, amputuoti
amputuojame, amputuoti
amputuojate, amputuoti
amputuok, amputuoti
amputuokite, amputuoti
amputuokime, amputuoti
amputavau, amputuoti
amputavai, amputuoti
amputavo, amputuoti
amputavome, amputuoti
amputavote, amputuoti
amputuodavau, amputuoti
amputuodavai, amputuoti
amputuodavo, amputuoti
amputuodavome, amputuoti
amputuodavote, amputuoti
amputuosiu, amputuoti
amputuosi, amputuoti
amputuos, amputuoti
amputuosime, amputuoti
amputuosite, amputuoti
amputuočiau, amputuoti
amputuotum(ei), amputuoti
amputuotų, amputuoti
amputuotu(mė)me, amputuoti
amputuotu(mė)te, amputuoti
amsėti, amsėti
amsiu, amsėti
amsi, amsėti
amsi, amsėti
amsime, amsėti
amsite, amsėti
amsėk, amsėti
amsėkite, amsėti
amsėkime, amsėti
amsėjau, amsėti
amsėjai, amsėti
amsėjo, amsėti
amsėjome, amsėti
amsėjote, amsėti
amsėdavau, amsėti
amsėdavai, amsėti
amsėdavo, amsėti
amsėdavome, amsėti
amsėdavote, amsėti
amsėsiu, amsėti
amsėsi, amsėti
amsės, amsėti
amsėsime, amsėti
amsėsite, amsėti
amsėčiau, amsėti
amsėtum(ei), amsėti
amsėtų, amsėti
amsėtu(mė)me, amsėti
amsėtu(mė)te, amsėti
amžinti, amžinti
amžinu, amžinti
amžini, amžinti
amžina, amžinti
amžiname, amžinti
amžinate, amžinti
amžink, amžinti
amžinkite, amžinti
amžinkime, amžinti
amžinau, amžinti
amžinai, amžinti
amžino, amžinti
amžinome, amžinti
amžinote, amžinti
amžindavau, amžinti
amžindavai, amžinti
amžindavo, amžinti
amžindavome, amžinti
amžindavote, amžinti
amžinsiu, amžinti
amžinsi, amžinti
amžins, amžinti
amžinsime, amžinti
amžinsite, amžinti
amžinčiau, amžinti
amžintum(ei), amžinti
amžintų, amžinti
amžintu(mė)me, amžinti
amžintu(mė)te, amžinti
analizuoti, analizuoti
analizuoju, analizuoti
analizuoji, analizuoti
analizuoja, analizuoti
analizuojame, analizuoti
analizuojate, analizuoti
analizuok, analizuoti
analizuokite, analizuoti
analizuokime, analizuoti
analizavau, analizuoti
analizavai, analizuoti
analizavo, analizuoti
analizavome, analizuoti
analizavote, analizuoti
analizuodavau, analizuoti
analizuodavai, analizuoti
analizuodavo, analizuoti
analizuodavome, analizuoti
analizuodavote, analizuoti
analizuosiu, analizuoti
analizuosi, analizuoti
analizuos, analizuoti
analizuosime, analizuoti
analizuosite, analizuoti
analizuočiau, analizuoti
analizuotum(ei), analizuoti
analizuotų, analizuoti
analizuotu(mė)me, analizuoti
analizuotu(mė)te, analizuoti
aneksuoti, aneksuoti
aneksuoju, aneksuoti
aneksuoji, aneksuoti
aneksuoja, aneksuoti
aneksuojame, aneksuoti
aneksuojate, aneksuoti
aneksuok, aneksuoti
aneksuokite, aneksuoti
aneksuokime, aneksuoti
aneksavau, aneksuoti
aneksavai, aneksuoti
aneksavo, aneksuoti
aneksavome, aneksuoti
aneksavote, aneksuoti
aneksuodavau, aneksuoti
aneksuodavai, aneksuoti
aneksuodavo, aneksuoti
aneksuodavome, aneksuoti
aneksuodavote, aneksuoti
aneksuosiu, aneksuoti
aneksuosi, aneksuoti
aneksuos, aneksuoti
aneksuosime, aneksuoti
aneksuosite, aneksuoti
aneksuočiau, aneksuoti
aneksuotum(ei), aneksuoti
aneksuotų, aneksuoti
aneksuotu(mė)me, aneksuoti
aneksuotu(mė)te, aneksuoti
antspauduoti, antspauduoti
antspauduoju, antspauduoti
antspauduoji, antspauduoti
antspauduoja, antspauduoti
antspauduojame, antspauduoti
antspauduojate, antspauduoti
antspauduok, antspauduoti
antspauduokite, antspauduoti
antspauduokime, antspauduoti
antspaudavau, antspauduoti
antspaudavai, antspauduoti
antspaudavo, antspauduoti
antspaudavome, antspauduoti
antspaudavote, antspauduoti
antspauduodavau, antspauduoti
antspauduodavai, antspauduoti
antspauduodavo, antspauduoti
antspauduodavome, antspauduoti
antspauduodavote, antspauduoti
antspauduosiu, antspauduoti
antspauduosi, antspauduoti
antspauduos, antspauduoti
antspauduosime, antspauduoti
antspauduosite, antspauduoti
antspauduočiau, antspauduoti
antspauduotum(ei), antspauduoti
antspauduotų, antspauduoti
antspauduotu(mė)me, antspauduoti
antspauduotu(mė)te, antspauduoti
ardyti, ardyti
ardžau, ardyti
ardai, ardyti
ardo, ardyti
ardome, ardyti
ardote, ardyti
ardyk, ardyti
ardykite, ardyti
ardykime, ardyti
ardei, ardyti
ardė, ardyti
ardėme, ardyti
ardėte, ardyti
ardydavau, ardyti
ardydavai, ardyti
ardydavo, ardyti
ardydavome, ardyti
ardydavote, ardyti
ardysiu, ardyti
ardysi, ardyti
ardys, ardyti
ardysime, ardyti
ardysite, ardyti
ardyčiau, ardyti
ardytum(ei), ardyti
ardytų, ardyti
ardytu(mė)me, ardyti
ardytu(mė)te, ardyti
areštuoti, areštuoti
areštuoju, areštuoti
areštuoji, areštuoti
areštuoja, areštuoti
areštuojame, areštuoti
areštuojate, areštuoti
areštuok, areštuoti
areštuokite, areštuoti
areštuokime, areštuoti
areštavau, areštuoti
areštavai, areštuoti
areštavo, areštuoti
areštavome, areštuoti
areštavote, areštuoti
areštuodavau, areštuoti
areštuodavai, areštuoti
areštuodavo, areštuoti
areštuodavome, areštuoti
areštuodavote, areštuoti
areštuosiu, areštuoti
areštuosi, areštuoti
areštuos, areštuoti
areštuosime, areštuoti
areštuosite, areštuoti
areštuočiau, areštuoti
areštuotum(ei), areštuoti
areštuotų, areštuoti
areštuotu(mė)me, areštuoti
areštuotu(mė)te, areštuoti
artėti, artėti
artėju, artėti
artėji, artėti
artėja, artėti
artėjame, artėti
artėjate, artėti
artėk, artėti
artėkite, artėti
artėkime, artėti
artėjau, artėti
artėjai, artėti
artėjo, artėti
artėjome, artėti
artėjote, artėti
artėdavau, artėti
artėdavai, artėti
artėdavo, artėti
artėdavome, artėti
artėdavote, artėti
artėsiu, artėti
artėsi, artėti
artės, artėti
artėsime, artėti
artėsite, artėti
artėčiau, artėti
artėtum(ei), artėti
artėtų, artėti
artėtu(mė)me, artėti
artėtu(mė)te, artėti
arti, arti
ariu, arti
ari, arti
aria, arti
ariame, arti
ariate, arti
ark, arti
arkite, arti
arkime, arti
ariau, arti
arei, arti
arė, arti
arėme, arti
arėte, arti
ardavau, arti
ardavai, arti
ardavo, arti
ardavome, arti
ardavote, arti
arsiu, arti
arsi, arti
ars, arti
arsime, arti
arsite, arti
arčiau, arti
artum(ei), arti
artų, arti
artu(mė)me, arti
artu(mė)te, arti
artinti, artinti
artinu, artinti
artini, artinti
artina, artinti
artiname, artinti
artinate, artinti
artink, artinti
artinkite, artinti
artinkime, artinti
artinau, artinti
artinai, artinti
artino, artinti
artinome, artinti
artinote, artinti
artindavau, artinti
artindavai, artinti
artindavo, artinti
artindavome, artinti
artindavote, artinti
artinsiu, artinti
artinsi, artinti
artins, artinti
artinsime, artinti
artinsite, artinti
artinčiau, artinti
artintum(ei), artinti
artintų, artinti
artintu(mė)me, artinti
artintu(mė)te, artinti
asimiliuoti, asimiliuoti
asimiliuoju, asimiliuoti
asimiliuoji, asimiliuoti
asimiliuoja, asimiliuoti
asimiliuojame, asimiliuoti
asimiliuojate, asimiliuoti
asimiliuok, asimiliuoti
asimiliuokite, asimiliuoti
asimiliuokime, asimiliuoti
asimiliavau, asimiliuoti
asimiliavai, asimiliuoti
asimiliavo, asimiliuoti
asimiliavome, asimiliuoti
asimiliavote, asimiliuoti
asimiliuodavau, asimiliuoti
asimiliuodavai, asimiliuoti
asimiliuodavo, asimiliuoti
asimiliuodavome, asimiliuoti
asimiliuodavote, asimiliuoti
asimiliuosiu, asimiliuoti
asimiliuosi, asimiliuoti
asimiliuos, asimiliuoti
asimiliuosime, asimiliuoti
asimiliuosite, asimiliuoti
asimiliuočiau, asimiliuoti
asimiliuotum(ei), asimiliuoti
asimiliuotų, asimiliuoti
asimiliuotu(mė)me, asimiliuoti
asimiliuotu(mė)te, asimiliuoti
asmenuoti, asmenuoti
asmenuoju, asmenuoti
asmenuoji, asmenuoti
asmenuoja, asmenuoti
asmenuojame, asmenuoti
asmenuojate, asmenuoti
asmenuok, asmenuoti
asmenuokite, asmenuoti
asmenuokime, asmenuoti
asmenavau, asmenuoti
asmenavai, asmenuoti
asmenavo, asmenuoti
asmenavome, asmenuoti
asmenavote, asmenuoti
asmenuodavau, asmenuoti
asmenuodavai, asmenuoti
asmenuodavo, asmenuoti
asmenuodavome, asmenuoti
asmenuodavote, asmenuoti
asmenuosiu, asmenuoti
asmenuosi, asmenuoti
asmenuos, asmenuoti
asmenuosime, asmenuoti
asmenuosite, asmenuoti
asmenuočiau, asmenuoti
asmenuotum(ei), asmenuoti
asmenuotų, asmenuoti
asmenuotu(mė)me, asmenuoti
asmenuotu(mė)te, asmenuoti
asocijuoti, asocijuoti
asocijuoju, asocijuoti
asocijuoji, asocijuoti
asocijuoja, asocijuoti
asocijuojame, asocijuoti
asocijuojate, asocijuoti
asocijuok, asocijuoti
asocijuokite, asocijuoti
asocijuokime, asocijuoti
asocijavau, asocijuoti
asocijavai, asocijuoti
asocijavo, asocijuoti
asocijavome, asocijuoti
asocijavote, asocijuoti
asocijuodavau, asocijuoti
asocijuodavai, asocijuoti
asocijuodavo, asocijuoti
asocijuodavome, asocijuoti
asocijuodavote, asocijuoti
asocijuosiu, asocijuoti
asocijuosi, asocijuoti
asocijuos, asocijuoti
asocijuosime, asocijuoti
asocijuosite, asocijuoti
asocijuočiau, asocijuoti
asocijuotum(ei), asocijuoti
asocijuotų, asocijuoti
asocijuotu(mė)me, asocijuoti
asocijuotu(mė)te, asocijuoti
audėti, audėti
audžu, audėti
audi, audėti
auda, audėti
audame, audėti
audate, audėti
audėk, audėti
audėkite, audėti
audėkime, audėti
audėjau, audėti
audėjai, audėti
audėjo, audėti
audėjome, audėti
audėjote, audėti
audėdavau, audėti
audėdavai, audėti
audėdavo, audėti
audėdavome, audėti
audėdavote, audėti
audėsiu, audėti
audėsi, audėti
audės, audėti
audėsime, audėti
audėsite, audėti
audėčiau, audėti
audėtum(ei), audėti
audėtų, audėti
audėtu(mė)me, audėti
audėtu(mė)te, audėti
auginti, auginti
auginu, auginti
augini, auginti
augina, auginti
auginame, auginti
auginate, auginti
augink, auginti
auginkite, auginti
auginkime, auginti
auginau, auginti
auginai, auginti
augino, auginti
auginome, auginti
auginote, auginti
augindavau, auginti
augindavai, auginti
augindavo, auginti
augindavome, auginti
augindavote, auginti
auginsiu, auginti
auginsi, auginti
augins, auginti
auginsime, auginti
auginsite, auginti
auginčiau, auginti
augintum(ei), auginti
augintų, auginti
augintu(mė)me, auginti
augintu(mė)te, auginti
augti, augti
augu, augti
augi, augti
auga, augti
augame, augti
augate, augti
auk, augti
aukite, augti
aukime, augti
augau, augti
augai, augti
augo, augti
augome, augti
augote, augti
augdavau, augti
augdavai, augti
augdavo, augti
augdavome, augti
augdavote, augti
augsiu, augti
augsi, augti
augs, augti
augsime, augti
augsite, augti
augčiau, augti
augtum(ei), augti
augtų, augti
augtu(mė)me, augti
augtu(mė)te, augti
auklėti, auklėti
auklėju, auklėti
auklėji, auklėti
auklėja, auklėti
auklėjame, auklėti
auklėjate, auklėti
auklėk, auklėti
auklėkite, auklėti
auklėkime, auklėti
auklėjau, auklėti
auklėjai, auklėti
auklėjo, auklėti
auklėjome, auklėti
auklėjote, auklėti
auklėdavau, auklėti
auklėdavai, auklėti
auklėdavo, auklėti
auklėdavome, auklėti
auklėdavote, auklėti
auklėsiu, auklėti
auklėsi, auklėti
auklės, auklėti
auklėsime, auklėti
auklėsite, auklėti
auklėčiau, auklėti
auklėtum(ei), auklėti
auklėtų, auklėti
auklėtu(mė)me, auklėti
auklėtu(mė)te, auklėti
aukoti, aukoti
aukoju, aukoti
aukoji, aukoti
aukoja, aukoti
aukojame, aukoti
aukojate, aukoti
aukok, aukoti
aukokite, aukoti
aukokime, aukoti
aukojau, aukoti
aukojai, aukoti
aukojo, aukoti
aukojome, aukoti
aukojote, aukoti
aukodavau, aukoti
aukodavai, aukoti
aukodavo, aukoti
aukodavome, aukoti
aukodavote, aukoti
aukosiu, aukoti
aukosi, aukoti
aukos, aukoti
aukosime, aukoti
aukosite, aukoti
aukočiau, aukoti
aukotum(ei), aukoti
aukotų, aukoti
aukotu(mė)me, aukoti
aukotu(mė)te, aukoti
aukštinti, aukštinti
aukštinu, aukštinti
aukštini, aukštinti
aukština, aukštinti
aukštiname, aukštinti
aukštinate, aukštinti
aukštink, aukštinti
aukštinkite, aukštinti
aukštinkime, aukštinti
aukštinau, aukštinti
aukštinai, aukštinti
aukštino, aukštinti
aukštinome, aukštinti
aukštinote, aukštinti
aukštindavau, aukštinti
aukštindavai, aukštinti
aukštindavo, aukštinti
aukštindavome, aukštinti
aukštindavote, aukštinti
aukštinsiu, aukštinti
aukštinsi, aukštinti
aukštins, aukštinti
aukštinsime, aukštinti
aukštinsite, aukštinti
aukštinčiau, aukštinti
aukštintum(ei), aukštinti
aukštintų, aukštinti
aukštintu(mė)me, aukštinti
aukštintu(mė)te, aukštinti
auksuoti, auksuoti
auksuoju, auksuoti
auksuoji, auksuoti
auksuoja, auksuoti
auksuojame, auksuoti
auksuojate, auksuoti
auksuok, auksuoti
auksuokite, auksuoti
auksuokime, auksuoti
auksavau, auksuoti
auksavai, auksuoti
auksavo, auksuoti
auksavome, auksuoti
auksavote, auksuoti
auksuodavau, auksuoti
auksuodavai, auksuoti
auksuodavo, auksuoti
auksuodavome, auksuoti
auksuodavote, auksuoti
auksuosiu, auksuoti
auksuosi, auksuoti
auksuos, auksuoti
auksuosime, auksuoti
auksuosite, auksuoti
auksuočiau, auksuoti
auksuotum(ei), auksuoti
auksuotų, auksuoti
auksuotu(mė)me, auksuoti
auksuotu(mė)te, auksuoti
austi, austi
audžiu, austi
audži, austi
audžia, austi
audžiame, austi
audžiate, austi
ausk, austi
auskite, austi
auskime, austi
audei, austi
audė, austi
audėme, austi
audėte, austi
ausdavau, austi
ausdavai, austi
ausdavo, austi
ausdavome, austi
ausdavote, austi
ausiu, austi
ausi, austi
aus, austi
ausime, austi
ausite, austi
ausčiau, austi
austum(ei), austi
austų, austi
austu(mė)me, austi
austu(mė)te, austi
aušti, aušti
audžiu, aušti
audži, aušti
audžia, aušti
audžiame, aušti
audžiate, aušti
aušk, aušti
auškite, aušti
auškime, aušti
audei, aušti
audė, aušti
audėme, aušti
audėte, aušti
aušdavau, aušti
aušdavai, aušti
aušdavo, aušti
aušdavome, aušti
aušdavote, aušti
auššiu, aušti
aušši, aušti
aušš, aušti
auššime, aušti
auššite, aušti
auščiau, aušti
auštum(ei), aušti
auštų, aušti
auštu(mė)me, aušti
auštu(mė)te, aušti
auti, auti
aunu, auti
auni, auti
auna, auti
auname, auti
aunate, auti
auk, auti
aukite, auti
aukime, auti
aviau, auti
avei, auti
avė, auti
avėme, auti
avėte, auti
audavau, auti
audavai, auti
audavo, auti
audavome, auti
audavote, auti
ausiu, auti
ausi, auti
aus, auti
ausime, auti
ausite, auti
aučiau, auti
autum(ei), auti
autų, auti
autu(mė)me, auti
autu(mė)te, auti
automatizuoti, automatizuoti
automatizuoju, automatizuoti
automatizuoji, automatizuoti
automatizuoja, automatizuoti
automatizuojame, automatizuoti
automatizuojate, automatizuoti
automatizuok, automatizuoti
automatizuokite, automatizuoti
automatizuokime, automatizuoti
automatizavau, automatizuoti
automatizavai, automatizuoti
automatizavo, automatizuoti
automatizavome, automatizuoti
automatizavote, automatizuoti
automatizuodavau, automatizuoti
automatizuodavai, automatizuoti
automatizuodavo, automatizuoti
automatizuodavome, automatizuoti
automatizuodavote, automatizuoti
automatizuosiu, automatizuoti
automatizuosi, automatizuoti
automatizuos, automatizuoti
automatizuosime, automatizuoti
automatizuosite, automatizuoti
automatizuočiau, automatizuoti
automatizuotum(ei), automatizuoti
automatizuotų, automatizuoti
automatizuotu(mė)me, automatizuoti
automatizuotu(mė)te, automatizuoti
avėti, avėti
aviu, avėti
avi, avėti
avi, avėti
avime, avėti
avite, avėti
avėk, avėti
avėkite, avėti
avėkime, avėti
avėjau, avėti
avėjai, avėti
avėjo, avėti
avėjome, avėti
avėjote, avėti
avėdavau, avėti
avėdavai, avėti
avėdavo, avėti
avėdavome, avėti
avėdavote, avėti
avėsiu, avėti
avėsi, avėti
avės, avėti
avėsime, avėti
avėsite, avėti
avėčiau, avėti
avėtum(ei), avėti
avėtų, avėti
avėtu(mė)me, avėti
avėtu(mė)te, avėti
badauti, badauti
badauju, badauti
badauji, badauti
badauja, badauti
badaujame, badauti
badaujate, badauti
badauk, badauti
badaukite, badauti
badaukime, badauti
badavau, badauti
badavai, badauti
badavo, badauti
badavome, badauti
badavote, badauti
badaudavau, badauti
badaudavai, badauti
badaudavo, badauti
badaudavome, badauti
badaudavote, badauti
badausiu, badauti
badausi, badauti
badaus, badauti
badausime, badauti
badausite, badauti
badaučiau, badauti
badautum(ei), badauti
badautų, badauti
badautu(mė)me, badauti
badautu(mė)te, badauti
badyti, badyti
badžau, badyti
badai, badyti
bado, badyti
badome, badyti
badote, badyti
badyk, badyti
badykite, badyti
badykime, badyti
badei, badyti
badė, badyti
badėme, badyti
badėte, badyti
badydavau, badyti
badydavai, badyti
badydavo, badyti
badydavome, badyti
badydavote, badyti
badysiu, badyti
badysi, badyti
badys, badyti
badysime, badyti
badysite, badyti
badyčiau, badyti
badytum(ei), badyti
badytų, badyti
badytu(mė)me, badyti
badytu(mė)te, badyti
baidyti, baidyti
baidžau, baidyti
baidai, baidyti
baido, baidyti
baidome, baidyti
baidote, baidyti
baidyk, baidyti
baidykite, baidyti
baidykime, baidyti
baidei, baidyti
baidė, baidyti
baidėme, baidyti
baidėte, baidyti
baidydavau, baidyti
baidydavai, baidyti
baidydavo, baidyti
baidydavome, baidyti
baidydavote, baidyti
baidysiu, baidyti
baidysi, baidyti
baidys, baidyti
baidysime, baidyti
baidysite, baidyti
baidyčiau, baidyti
baidytum(ei), baidyti
baidytų, baidyti
baidytu(mė)me, baidyti
baidytu(mė)te, baidyti
baigti, baigti
baigiu, baigti
baigi, baigti
baigia, baigti
baigiame, baigti
baigiate, baigti
baik, baigti
baikite, baigti
baikime, baigti
baigiau, baigti
baigei, baigti
baigė, baigti
baigėme, baigti
baigėte, baigti
baigdavau, baigti
baigdavai, baigti
baigdavo, baigti
baigdavome, baigti
baigdavote, baigti
baigsiu, baigti
baigsi, baigti
baigs, baigti
baigsime, baigti
baigsite, baigti
baigčiau, baigti
baigtum(ei), baigti
baigtų, baigti
baigtu(mė)me, baigti
baigtu(mė)te, baigti
baiminti, baiminti
baiminu, baiminti
baimini, baiminti
baimina, baiminti
baiminame, baiminti
baiminate, baiminti
baimink, baiminti
baiminkite, baiminti
baiminkime, baiminti
baiminau, baiminti
baiminai, baiminti
baimino, baiminti
baiminome, baiminti
baiminote, baiminti
baimindavau, baiminti
baimindavai, baiminti
baimindavo, baiminti
baimindavome, baiminti
baimindavote, baiminti
baiminsiu, baiminti
baiminsi, baiminti
baimins, baiminti
baiminsime, baiminti
baiminsite, baiminti
baiminčiau, baiminti
baimintum(ei), baiminti
baimintų, baiminti
baimintu(mė)me, baiminti
baimintu(mė)te, baiminti
baisėti, baisėti
baisėju, baisėti
baisėji, baisėti
baisėja, baisėti
baisėjame, baisėti
baisėjate, baisėti
baisėk, baisėti
baisėkite, baisėti
baisėkime, baisėti
baisėjau, baisėti
baisėjai, baisėti
baisėjo, baisėti
baisėjome, baisėti
baisėjote, baisėti
baisėdavau, baisėti
baisėdavai, baisėti
baisėdavo, baisėti
baisėdavome, baisėti
baisėdavote, baisėti
baisėsiu, baisėti
baisėsi, baisėti
baisės, baisėti
baisėsime, baisėti
baisėsite, baisėti
baisėčiau, baisėti
baisėtum(ei), baisėti
baisėtų, baisėti
baisėtu(mė)me, baisėti
baisėtu(mė)te, baisėti
bakstelėti, bakstelėti
baksteliu, bakstelėti
baksteli, bakstelėti
baksteli, bakstelėti
bakstelime, bakstelėti
bakstelite, bakstelėti
bakstelėk, bakstelėti
bakstelėkite, bakstelėti
bakstelėkime, bakstelėti
bakstelėjau, bakstelėti
bakstelėjai, bakstelėti
bakstelėjo, bakstelėti
bakstelėjome, bakstelėti
bakstelėjote, bakstelėti
bakstelėdavau, bakstelėti
bakstelėdavai, bakstelėti
bakstelėdavo, bakstelėti
bakstelėdavome, bakstelėti
bakstelėdavote, bakstelėti
bakstelėsiu, bakstelėti
bakstelėsi, bakstelėti
bakstelės, bakstelėti
bakstelėsime, bakstelėti
bakstelėsite, bakstelėti
bakstelėčiau, bakstelėti
bakstelėtum(ei), bakstelėti
bakstelėtų, bakstelėti
bakstelėtu(mė)me, bakstelėti
bakstelėtu(mė)te, bakstelėti
balansuoti, balansuoti
balansuoju, balansuoti
balansuoji, balansuoti
balansuoja, balansuoti
balansuojame, balansuoti
balansuojate, balansuoti
balansuok, balansuoti
balansuokite, balansuoti
balansuokime, balansuoti
balansavau, balansuoti
balansavai, balansuoti
balansavo, balansuoti
balansavome, balansuoti
balansavote, balansuoti
balansuodavau, balansuoti
balansuodavai, balansuoti
balansuodavo, balansuoti
balansuodavome, balansuoti
balansuodavote, balansuoti
balansuosiu, balansuoti
balansuosi, balansuoti
balansuos, balansuoti
balansuosime, balansuoti
balansuosite, balansuoti
balansuočiau, balansuoti
balansuotum(ei), balansuoti
balansuotų, balansuoti
balansuotu(mė)me, balansuoti
balansuotu(mė)te, balansuoti
balinti, balinti
balinu, balinti
balini, balinti
balina, balinti
baliname, balinti
balinate, balinti
balink, balinti
balinkite, balinti
balinkime, balinti
balinau, balinti
balinai, balinti
balino, balinti
balinome, balinti
balinote, balinti
balindavau, balinti
balindavai, balinti
balindavo, balinti
balindavome, balinti
balindavote, balinti
balinsiu, balinti
balinsi, balinti
balins, balinti
balinsime, balinti
balinsite, balinti
balinčiau, balinti
balintum(ei), balinti
balintų, balinti
balintu(mė)me, balinti
balintu(mė)te, balinti
balnoti, balnoti
balnoju, balnoti
balnoji, balnoti
balnoja, balnoti
balnojame, balnoti
balnojate, balnoti
balnok, balnoti
balnokite, balnoti
balnokime, balnoti
balnojau, balnoti
balnojai, balnoti
balnojo, balnoti
balnojome, balnoti
balnojote, balnoti
balnodavau, balnoti
balnodavai, balnoti
balnodavo, balnoti
balnodavome, balnoti
balnodavote, balnoti
balnosiu, balnoti
balnosi, balnoti
balnos, balnoti
balnosime, balnoti
balnosite, balnoti
balnočiau, balnoti
balnotum(ei), balnoti
balnotų, balnoti
balnotu(mė)me, balnoti
balnotu(mė)te, balnoti
balsti, balsti
balstu, balsti
balsti, balsti
balsta, balsti
balstame, balsti
balstate, balsti
balsk, balsti
balskite, balsti
balskime, balsti
balau, balsti
balai, balsti
balo, balsti
balome, balsti
balote, balsti
balsdavau, balsti
balsdavai, balsti
balsdavo, balsti
balsdavome, balsti
balsdavote, balsti
balsiu, balsti
balsi, balsti
bals, balsti
balsime, balsti
balsite, balsti
balsčiau, balsti
balstum(ei), balsti
balstų, balsti
balstu(mė)me, balsti
balstu(mė)te, balsti
balsuoti, balsuoti
balsuoju, balsuoti
balsuoji, balsuoti
balsuoja, balsuoti
balsuojame, balsuoti
balsuojate, balsuoti
balsuok, balsuoti
balsuokite, balsuoti
balsuokime, balsuoti
balsavau, balsuoti
balsavai, balsuoti
balsavo, balsuoti
balsavome, balsuoti
balsavote, balsuoti
balsuodavau, balsuoti
balsuodavai, balsuoti
balsuodavo, balsuoti
balsuodavome, balsuoti
balsuodavote, balsuoti
balsuosiu, balsuoti
balsuosi, balsuoti
balsuos, balsuoti
balsuosime, balsuoti
balsuosite, balsuoti
balsuočiau, balsuoti
balsuotum(ei), balsuoti
balsuotų, balsuoti
balsuotu(mė)me, balsuoti
balsuotu(mė)te, balsuoti
baltėti, baltėti
baltėju, baltėti
baltėji, baltėti
baltėja, baltėti
baltėjame, baltėti
baltėjate, baltėti
baltėk, baltėti
baltėkite, baltėti
baltėkime, baltėti
baltėjau, baltėti
baltėjai, baltėti
baltėjo, baltėti
baltėjome, baltėti
baltėjote, baltėti
baltėdavau, baltėti
baltėdavai, baltėti
baltėdavo, baltėti
baltėdavome, baltėti
baltėdavote, baltėti
baltėsiu, baltėti
baltėsi, baltėti
baltės, baltėti
baltėsime, baltėti
baltėsite, baltėti
baltėčiau, baltėti
baltėtum(ei), baltėti
baltėtų, baltėti
baltėtu(mė)me, baltėti
baltėtu(mė)te, baltėti
balti, balti
bąlu, balti
bąli, balti
bąla, balti
bąlame, balti
bąlate, balti
balk, balti
balkite, balti
balkime, balti
balau, balti
balai, balti
balo, balti
balome, balti
balote, balti
baldavau, balti
baldavai, balti
baldavo, balti
baldavome, balti
baldavote, balti
balsiu, balti
balsi, balti
bals, balti
balsime, balti
balsite, balti
balčiau, balti
baltum(ei), balti
baltų, balti
baltu(mė)me, balti
baltu(mė)te, balti
baltinti, baltinti
baltinu, baltinti
baltini, baltinti
baltina, baltinti
baltiname, baltinti
baltinate, baltinti
baltink, baltinti
baltinkite, baltinti
baltinkime, baltinti
baltinau, baltinti
baltinai, baltinti
baltino, baltinti
baltinome, baltinti
baltinote, baltinti
baltindavau, baltinti
baltindavai, baltinti
baltindavo, baltinti
baltindavome, baltinti
baltindavote, baltinti
baltinsiu, baltinti
baltinsi, baltinti
baltins, baltinti
baltinsime, baltinti
baltinsite, baltinti
baltinčiau, baltinti
baltintum(ei), baltinti
baltintų, baltinti
baltintu(mė)me, baltinti
baltintu(mė)te, baltinti
baltuoti, baltuoti
baltuoju, baltuoti
baltuoji, baltuoti
baltuoja, baltuoti
baltuojame, baltuoti
baltuojate, baltuoti
baltuok, baltuoti
baltuokite, baltuoti
baltuokime, baltuoti
baltavau, baltuoti
baltavai, baltuoti
baltavo, baltuoti
baltavome, baltuoti
baltavote, baltuoti
baltuodavau, baltuoti
baltuodavai, baltuoti
baltuodavo, baltuoti
baltuodavome, baltuoti
baltuodavote, baltuoti
baltuosiu, baltuoti
baltuosi, baltuoti
baltuos, baltuoti
baltuosime, baltuoti
baltuosite, baltuoti
baltuočiau, baltuoti
baltuotum(ei), baltuoti
baltuotų, baltuoti
baltuotu(mė)me, baltuoti
baltuotu(mė)te, baltuoti
bandyti, bandyti
bandžau, bandyti
bandai, bandyti
bando, bandyti
bandome, bandyti
bandote, bandyti
bandyk, bandyti
bandykite, bandyti
bandykime, bandyti
bandei, bandyti
bandė, bandyti
bandėme, bandyti
bandėte, bandyti
bandydavau, bandyti
bandydavai, bandyti
bandydavo, bandyti
bandydavome, bandyti
bandydavote, bandyti
bandysiu, bandyti
bandysi, bandyti
bandys, bandyti
bandysime, bandyti
bandysite, bandyti
bandyčiau, bandyti
bandytum(ei), bandyti
bandytų, bandyti
bandytu(mė)me, bandyti
bandytu(mė)te, bandyti
banguoti, banguoti
banguoju, banguoti
banguoji, banguoti
banguoja, banguoti
banguojame, banguoti
banguojate, banguoti
banguok, banguoti
banguokite, banguoti
banguokime, banguoti
bangavau, banguoti
bangavai, banguoti
bangavo, banguoti
bangavome, banguoti
bangavote, banguoti
banguodavau, banguoti
banguodavai, banguoti
banguodavo, banguoti
banguodavome, banguoti
banguodavote, banguoti
banguosiu, banguoti
banguosi, banguoti
banguos, banguoti
banguosime, banguoti
banguosite, banguoti
banguočiau, banguoti
banguotum(ei), banguoti
banguotų, banguoti
banguotu(mė)me, banguoti
banguotu(mė)te, banguoti
bankrutuoti, bankrutuoti
bankrutuoju, bankrutuoti
bankrutuoji, bankrutuoti
bankrutuoja, bankrutuoti
bankrutuojame, bankrutuoti
bankrutuojate, bankrutuoti
bankrutuok, bankrutuoti
bankrutuokite, bankrutuoti
bankrutuokime, bankrutuoti
bankrutavau, bankrutuoti
bankrutavai, bankrutuoti
bankrutavo, bankrutuoti
bankrutavome, bankrutuoti
bankrutavote, bankrutuoti
bankrutuodavau, bankrutuoti
bankrutuodavai, bankrutuoti
bankrutuodavo, bankrutuoti
bankrutuodavome, bankrutuoti
bankrutuodavote, bankrutuoti
bankrutuosiu, bankrutuoti
bankrutuosi, bankrutuoti
bankrutuos, bankrutuoti
bankrutuosime, bankrutuoti
bankrutuosite, bankrutuoti
bankrutuočiau, bankrutuoti
bankrutuotum(ei), bankrutuoti
bankrutuotų, bankrutuoti
bankrutuotu(mė)me, bankrutuoti
bankrutuotu(mė)te, bankrutuoti
barškinti, barškinti
barškinu, barškinti
barškini, barškinti
barškina, barškinti
barškiname, barškinti
barškinate, barškinti
barškink, barškinti
barškinkite, barškinti
barškinkime, barškinti
barškinau, barškinti
barškinai, barškinti
barškino, barškinti
barškinome, barškinti
barškinote, barškinti
barškindavau, barškinti
barškindavai, barškinti
barškindavo, barškinti
barškindavome, barškinti
barškindavote, barškinti
barškinsiu, barškinti
barškinsi, barškinti
barškins, barškinti
barškinsime, barškinti
barškinsite, barškinti
barškinčiau, barškinti
barškintum(ei), barškinti
barškintų, barškinti
barškintu(mė)me, barškinti
barškintu(mė)te, barškinti
barstyti, barstyti
barstau, barstyti
barstai, barstyti
barsto, barstyti
barstome, barstyti
barstote, barstyti
barstyk, barstyti
barstykite, barstyti
barstykime, barstyti
barstei, barstyti
barstė, barstyti
barstėme, barstyti
barstėte, barstyti
barstydavau, barstyti
barstydavai, barstyti
barstydavo, barstyti
barstydavome, barstyti
barstydavote, barstyti
barstysiu, barstyti
barstysi, barstyti
barstys, barstyti
barstysime, barstyti
barstysite, barstyti
barstyčiau, barstyti
barstytum(ei), barstyti
barstytų, barstyti
barstytu(mė)me, barstyti
barstytu(mė)te, barstyti
barti, barti
baru, barti
bari, barti
bara, barti
barame, barti
barate, barti
bark, barti
barkite, barti
barkime, barti
bariau, barti
barei, barti
barė, barti
barėme, barti
barėte, barti
bardavau, barti
bardavai, barti
bardavo, barti
bardavome, barti
bardavote, barti
barsiu, barti
barsi, barti
bars, barti
barsime, barti
barsite, barti
barčiau, barti
bartum(ei), barti
bartų, barti
bartu(mė)me, barti
bartu(mė)te, barti
bauginti, bauginti
bauginu, bauginti
baugini, bauginti
baugina, bauginti
bauginame, bauginti
bauginate, bauginti
baugink, bauginti
bauginkite, bauginti
bauginkime, bauginti
bauginau, bauginti
bauginai, bauginti
baugino, bauginti
bauginome, bauginti
bauginote, bauginti
baugindavau, bauginti
baugindavai, bauginti
baugindavo, bauginti
baugindavome, bauginti
baugindavote, bauginti
bauginsiu, bauginti
bauginsi, bauginti
baugins, bauginti
bauginsime, bauginti
bauginsite, bauginti
bauginčiau, bauginti
baugintum(ei), bauginti
baugintų, bauginti
baugintu(mė)me, bauginti
baugintu(mė)te, bauginti
bausti, bausti
baudžiu, bausti
baudži, bausti
baudžia, bausti
baudžiame, bausti
baudžiate, bausti
bausk, bausti
bauskite, bausti
bauskime, bausti
baudei, bausti
baudė, bausti
baudėme, bausti
baudėte, bausti
bausdavau, bausti
bausdavai, bausti
bausdavo, bausti
bausdavome, bausti
bausdavote, bausti
bausiu, bausti
bausi, bausti
baus, bausti
bausime, bausti
bausite, bausti
bausčiau, bausti
baustum(ei), bausti
baustų, bausti
baustu(mė)me, bausti
baustu(mė)te, bausti
bėginėti, bėginėti
bėginėju, bėginėti
bėginėji, bėginėti
bėginėja, bėginėti
bėginėjame, bėginėti
bėginėjate, bėginėti
bėginėk, bėginėti
bėginėkite, bėginėti
bėginėkime, bėginėti
bėginėjau, bėginėti
bėginėjai, bėginėti
bėginėjo, bėginėti
bėginėjome, bėginėti
bėginėjote, bėginėti
bėginėdavau, bėginėti
bėginėdavai, bėginėti
bėginėdavo, bėginėti
bėginėdavome, bėginėti
bėginėdavote, bėginėti
bėginėsiu, bėginėti
bėginėsi, bėginėti
bėginės, bėginėti
bėginėsime, bėginėti
bėginėsite, bėginėti
bėginėčiau, bėginėti
bėginėtum(ei), bėginėti
bėginėtų, bėginėti
bėginėtu(mė)me, bėginėti
bėginėtu(mė)te, bėginėti
bėgioti, bėgioti
bėgioju, bėgioti
bėgioji, bėgioti
bėgioja, bėgioti
bėgiojame, bėgioti
bėgiojate, bėgioti
bėgiok, bėgioti
bėgiokite, bėgioti
bėgiokime, bėgioti
bėgiojau, bėgioti
bėgiojai, bėgioti
bėgiojo, bėgioti
bėgiojome, bėgioti
bėgiojote, bėgioti
bėgiodavau, bėgioti
bėgiodavai, bėgioti
bėgiodavo, bėgioti
bėgiodavome, bėgioti
bėgiodavote, bėgioti
bėgiosiu, bėgioti
bėgiosi, bėgioti
bėgios, bėgioti
bėgiosime, bėgioti
bėgiosite, bėgioti
bėgiočiau, bėgioti
bėgiotum(ei), bėgioti
bėgiotų, bėgioti
bėgiotu(mė)me, bėgioti
bėgiotu(mė)te, bėgioti
bėgti, bėgti
bėgu, bėgti
bėgi, bėgti
bėga, bėgti
bėgame, bėgti
bėgate, bėgti
bėk, bėgti
bėkite, bėgti
bėkime, bėgti
bėgau, bėgti
bėgai, bėgti
bėgo, bėgti
bėgome, bėgti
bėgote, bėgti
bėgdavau, bėgti
bėgdavai, bėgti
bėgdavo, bėgti
bėgdavome, bėgti
bėgdavote, bėgti
bėgsiu, bėgti
bėgsi, bėgti
bėgs, bėgti
bėgsime, bėgti
bėgsite, bėgti
bėgčiau, bėgti
bėgtum(ei), bėgti
bėgtų, bėgti
bėgtu(mė)me, bėgti
bėgtu(mė)te, bėgti
bidzenti, bidzenti
bidzenu, bidzenti
bidzeni, bidzenti
bidzena, bidzenti
bidzename, bidzenti
bidzenate, bidzenti
bidzenk, bidzenti
bidzenkite, bidzenti
bidzenkime, bidzenti
bidzenau, bidzenti
bidzenai, bidzenti
bidzeno, bidzenti
bidzenome, bidzenti
bidzenote, bidzenti
bidzendavau, bidzenti
bidzendavai, bidzenti
bidzendavo, bidzenti
bidzendavome, bidzenti
bidzendavote, bidzenti
bidzensiu, bidzenti
bidzensi, bidzenti
bidzens, bidzenti
bidzensime, bidzenti
bidzensite, bidzenti
bidzenčiau, bidzenti
bidzentum(ei), bidzenti
bidzentų, bidzenti
bidzentu(mė)me, bidzenti
bidzentu(mė)te, bidzenti
bijoti, bijoti
bijau, bijoti
bijai, bijoti
bijo, bijoti
bijome, bijoti
bijote, bijoti
bijok, bijoti
bijokite, bijoti
bijokime, bijoti
bijojau, bijoti
bijojai, bijoti
bijojo, bijoti
bijojome, bijoti
bijojote, bijoti
bijodavau, bijoti
bijodavai, bijoti
bijodavo, bijoti
bijodavome, bijoti
bijodavote, bijoti
bijosiu, bijoti
bijosi, bijoti
bijos, bijoti
bijosime, bijoti
bijosite, bijoti
bijočiau, bijoti
bijotum(ei), bijoti
bijotų, bijoti
bijotu(mė)me, bijoti
bijotu(mė)te, bijoti
birbti, birbti
birbiu, birbti
birbi, birbti
birbia, birbti
birbiame, birbti
birbiate, birbti
birbk, birbti
birbkite, birbti
birbkime, birbti
birbiau, birbti
birbei, birbti
birbė, birbti
birbėme, birbti
birbėte, birbti
birbdavau, birbti
birbdavai, birbti
birbdavo, birbti
birbdavome, birbti
birbdavote, birbti
birbsiu, birbti
birbsi, birbti
birbs, birbti
birbsime, birbti
birbsite, birbti
birbčiau, birbti
birbtum(ei), birbti
birbtų, birbti
birbtu(mė)me, birbti
birbtu(mė)te, birbti
birti, birti
byru, birti
byri, birti
byra, birti
byrame, birti
byrate, birti
birk, birti
birkite, birti
birkime, birti
birau, birti
birai, birti
biro, birti
birome, birti
birote, birti
birdavau, birti
birdavai, birti
birdavo, birti
birdavome, birti
birdavote, birti
birsiu, birti
birsi, birti
birs, birti
birsime, birti
birsite, birti
birčiau, birti
birtum(ei), birti
birtų, birti
birtu(mė)me, birti
birtu(mė)te, birti
bjurti, bjurti
bjurstu, bjurti
bjursti, bjurti
bjursta, bjurti
bjurstame, bjurti
bjurstate, bjurti
bjurk, bjurti
bjurkite, bjurti
bjurkime, bjurti
bjurau, bjurti
bjurai, bjurti
bjuro, bjurti
bjurome, bjurti
bjurote, bjurti
bjurdavau, bjurti
bjurdavai, bjurti
bjurdavo, bjurti
bjurdavome, bjurti
bjurdavote, bjurti
bjursiu, bjurti
bjursi, bjurti
bjurs, bjurti
bjursime, bjurti
bjursite, bjurti
bjurčiau, bjurti
bjurtum(ei), bjurti
bjurtų, bjurti
bjurtu(mė)me, bjurti
bjurtu(mė)te, bjurti
blankti, blankti
blankstu, blankti
blanksti, blankti
blanksta, blankti
blankstame, blankti
blankstate, blankti
blank, blankti
blankite, blankti
blankime, blankti
blankau, blankti
blankai, blankti
blanko, blankti
blankome, blankti
blankote, blankti
blankdavau, blankti
blankdavai, blankti
blankdavo, blankti
blankdavome, blankti
blankdavote, blankti
blanksiu, blankti
blanksi, blankti
blanks, blankti
blanksime, blankti
blanksite, blankti
blankčiau, blankti
blanktum(ei), blankti
blanktų, blankti
blanktu(mė)me, blankti
blanktu(mė)te, blankti
blaškyti, blaškyti
blaškau, blaškyti
blaškai, blaškyti
blaško, blaškyti
blaškome, blaškyti
blaškote, blaškyti
blaškyk, blaškyti
blaškykite, blaškyti
blaškykime, blaškyti
blaškiau, blaškyti
blaškei, blaškyti
blaškė, blaškyti
blaškėme, blaškyti
blaškėte, blaškyti
blaškydavau, blaškyti
blaškydavai, blaškyti
blaškydavo, blaškyti
blaškydavome, blaškyti
blaškydavote, blaškyti
blaškysiu, blaškyti
blaškysi, blaškyti
blaškys, blaškyti
blaškysime, blaškyti
blaškysite, blaškyti
blaškyčiau, blaškyti
blaškytum(ei), blaškyti
blaškytų, blaškyti
blaškytu(mė)me, blaškyti
blaškytu(mė)te, blaškyti
blefuoti, blefuoti
blefuoju, blefuoti
blefuoji, blefuoti
blefuoja, blefuoti
blefuojame, blefuoti
blefuojate, blefuoti
blefuok, blefuoti
blefuokite, blefuoti
blefuokime, blefuoti
blefavau, blefuoti
blefavai, blefuoti
blefavo, blefuoti
blefavome, blefuoti
blefavote, blefuoti
blefuodavau, blefuoti
blefuodavai, blefuoti
blefuodavo, blefuoti
blefuodavome, blefuoti
blefuodavote, blefuoti
blefuosiu, blefuoti
blefuosi, blefuoti
blefuos, blefuoti
blefuosime, blefuoti
blefuosite, blefuoti
blefuočiau, blefuoti
blefuotum(ei), blefuoti
blefuotų, blefuoti
blefuotu(mė)me, blefuoti
blefuotu(mė)te, blefuoti
blęsti, blęsti
blendžiu, blęsti
blendži, blęsti
blendžia, blęsti
blendžiame, blęsti
blendžiate, blęsti
blęsk, blęsti
blęskite, blęsti
blęskime, blęsti
blendei, blęsti
blendė, blęsti
blendėme, blęsti
blendėte, blęsti
blęsdavau, blęsti
blęsdavai, blęsti
blęsdavo, blęsti
blęsdavome, blęsti
blęsdavote, blęsti
blęsiu, blęsti
blęsi, blęsti
blęs, blęsti
blęsime, blęsti
blęsite, blęsti
blęsčiau, blęsti
blęstum(ei), blęsti
blęstų, blęsti
blęstu(mė)me, blęsti
blęstu(mė)te, blęsti
blizgėti, blizgėti
blizgu, blizgėti
blizgi, blizgėti
blizga, blizgėti
blizgame, blizgėti
blizgate, blizgėti
blizgėk, blizgėti
blizgėkite, blizgėti
blizgėkime, blizgėti
blizgėjau, blizgėti
blizgėjai, blizgėti
blizgėjo, blizgėti
blizgėjome, blizgėti
blizgėjote, blizgėti
blizgėdavau, blizgėti
blizgėdavai, blizgėti
blizgėdavo, blizgėti
blizgėdavome, blizgėti
blizgėdavote, blizgėti
blizgėsiu, blizgėti
blizgėsi, blizgėti
blizgės, blizgėti
blizgėsime, blizgėti
blizgėsite, blizgėti
blizgėčiau, blizgėti
blizgėtum(ei), blizgėti
blizgėtų, blizgėti
blizgėtu(mė)me, blizgėti
blizgėtu(mė)te, blizgėti
blizginti, blizginti
blizginu, blizginti
blizgini, blizginti
blizgina, blizginti
blizginame, blizginti
blizginate, blizginti
blizgink, blizginti
blizginkite, blizginti
blizginkime, blizginti
blizginau, blizginti
blizginai, blizginti
blizgino, blizginti
blizginome, blizginti
blizginote, blizginti
blizgindavau, blizginti
blizgindavai, blizginti
blizgindavo, blizginti
blizgindavome, blizginti
blizgindavote, blizginti
blizginsiu, blizginti
blizginsi, blizginti
blizgins, blizginti
blizginsime, blizginti
blizginsite, blizginti
blizginčiau, blizginti
blizgintum(ei), blizginti
blizgintų, blizginti
blizgintu(mė)me, blizginti
blizgintu(mė)te, blizginti
blogėti, blogėti
blogėju, blogėti
blogėji, blogėti
blogėja, blogėti
blogėjame, blogėti
blogėjate, blogėti
blogėk, blogėti
blogėkite, blogėti
blogėkime, blogėti
blogėjau, blogėti
blogėjai, blogėti
blogėjo, blogėti
blogėjome, blogėti
blogėjote, blogėti
blogėdavau, blogėti
blogėdavai, blogėti
blogėdavo, blogėti
blogėdavome, blogėti
blogėdavote, blogėti
blogėsiu, blogėti
blogėsi, blogėti
blogės, blogėti
blogėsime, blogėti
blogėsite, blogėti
blogėčiau, blogėti
blogėtum(ei), blogėti
blogėtų, blogėti
blogėtu(mė)me, blogėti
blogėtu(mė)te, blogėti
bloginti, bloginti
bloginu, bloginti
blogini, bloginti
blogina, bloginti
bloginame, bloginti
bloginate, bloginti
blogink, bloginti
bloginkite, bloginti
bloginkime, bloginti
bloginau, bloginti
bloginai, bloginti
blogino, bloginti
bloginome, bloginti
bloginote, bloginti
blogindavau, bloginti
blogindavai, bloginti
blogindavo, bloginti
blogindavome, bloginti
blogindavote, bloginti
bloginsiu, bloginti
bloginsi, bloginti
blogins, bloginti
bloginsime, bloginti
bloginsite, bloginti
bloginčiau, bloginti
blogintum(ei), bloginti
blogintų, bloginti
blogintu(mė)me, bloginti
blogintu(mė)te, bloginti
blogti, blogti
blogstu, blogti
blogsti, blogti
blogsta, blogti
blogstame, blogti
blogstate, blogti
blok, blogti
blokite, blogti
blokime, blogti
blogau, blogti
blogai, blogti
blogo, blogti
blogome, blogti
blogote, blogti
blogdavau, blogti
blogdavai, blogti
blogdavo, blogti
blogdavome, blogti
blogdavote, blogti
blogsiu, blogti
blogsi, blogti
blogs, blogti
blogsime, blogti
blogsite, blogti
blogčiau, blogti
blogtum(ei), blogti
blogtų, blogti
blogtu(mė)me, blogti
blogtu(mė)te, blogti
blokšti, blokšti
bloškiu, blokšti
bloški, blokšti
bloškia, blokšti
bloškiame, blokšti
bloškiate, blokšti
blokšk, blokšti
blokškite, blokšti
blokškime, blokšti
bloškiau, blokšti
bloškei, blokšti
bloškė, blokšti
bloškėme, blokšti
bloškėte, blokšti
blokšdavau, blokšti
blokšdavai, blokšti
blokšdavo, blokšti
blokšdavome, blokšti
blokšdavote, blokšti
blokššiu, blokšti
blokšši, blokšti
blokšš, blokšti
blokššime, blokšti
blokššite, blokšti
blokščiau, blokšti
blokštum(ei), blokšti
blokštų, blokšti
blokštu(mė)me, blokšti
blokštu(mė)te, blokšti
blokuoti, blokuoti
blokuoju, blokuoti
blokuoji, blokuoti
blokuoja, blokuoti
blokuojame, blokuoti
blokuojate, blokuoti
blokuok, blokuoti
blokuokite, blokuoti
blokuokime, blokuoti
blokavau, blokuoti
blokavai, blokuoti
blokavo, blokuoti
blokavome, blokuoti
blokavote, blokuoti
blokuodavau, blokuoti
blokuodavai, blokuoti
blokuodavo, blokuoti
blokuodavome, blokuoti
blokuodavote, blokuoti
blokuosiu, blokuoti
blokuosi, blokuoti
blokuos, blokuoti
blokuosime, blokuoti
blokuosite, blokuoti
blokuočiau, blokuoti
blokuotum(ei), blokuoti
blokuotų, blokuoti
blokuotu(mė)me, blokuoti
blokuotu(mė)te, blokuoti
blukinti, blukinti
blukinu, blukinti
blukini, blukinti
blukina, blukinti
blukiname, blukinti
blukinate, blukinti
blukink, blukinti
blukinkite, blukinti
blukinkime, blukinti
blukinau, blukinti
blukinai, blukinti
blukino, blukinti
blukinome, blukinti
blukinote, blukinti
blukindavau, blukinti
blukindavai, blukinti
blukindavo, blukinti
blukindavome, blukinti
blukindavote, blukinti
blukinsiu, blukinti
blukinsi, blukinti
blukins, blukinti
blukinsime, blukinti
blukinsite, blukinti
blukinčiau, blukinti
blukintum(ei), blukinti
blukintų, blukinti
blukintu(mė)me, blukinti
blukintu(mė)te, blukinti
blukti, blukti
blunku, blukti
blunki, blukti
blunka, blukti
blunkame, blukti
blunkate, blukti
bluk, blukti
blukite, blukti
blukime, blukti
blukau, blukti
blukai, blukti
bluko, blukti
blukome, blukti
blukote, blukti
blukdavau, blukti
blukdavai, blukti
blukdavo, blukti
blukdavome, blukti
blukdavote, blukti
bluksiu, blukti
bluksi, blukti
bluks, blukti
bluksime, blukti
bluksite, blukti
blukčiau, blukti
bluktum(ei), blukti
bluktų, blukti
bluktu(mė)me, blukti
bluktu(mė)te, blukti
blykšti, blykšti
blykštu, blykšti
blykšti, blykšti
blykšta, blykšti
blykštame, blykšti
blykštate, blykšti
blykšk, blykšti
blykškite, blykšti
blykškime, blykšti
blyškau, blykšti
blyškai, blykšti
blyško, blykšti
blyškome, blykšti
blyškote, blykšti
blykšdavau, blykšti
blykšdavai, blykšti
blykšdavo, blykšti
blykšdavome, blykšti
blykšdavote, blykšti
blykššiu, blykšti
blykšši, blykšti
blykšš, blykšti
blykššime, blykšti
blykššite, blykšti
blykščiau, blykšti
blykštum(ei), blykšti
blykštų, blykšti
blykštu(mė)me, blykšti
blykštu(mė)te, blykšti
bodėti, bodėti
bodžiu, bodėti
bodi, bodėti
bodi, bodėti
bodime, bodėti
bodite, bodėti
bodėk, bodėti
bodėkite, bodėti
bodėkime, bodėti
bodėjau, bodėti
bodėjai, bodėti
bodėjo, bodėti
bodėjome, bodėti
bodėjote, bodėti
bodėdavau, bodėti
bodėdavai, bodėti
bodėdavo, bodėti
bodėdavome, bodėti
bodėdavote, bodėti
bodėsiu, bodėti
bodėsi, bodėti
bodės, bodėti
bodėsime, bodėti
bodėsite, bodėti
bodėčiau, bodėti
bodėtum(ei), bodėti
bodėtų, bodėti
bodėtu(mė)me, bodėti
bodėtu(mė)te, bodėti
boluoti, boluoti
boluoju, boluoti
boluoji, boluoti
boluoja, boluoti
boluojame, boluoti
boluojate, boluoti
boluok, boluoti
boluokite, boluoti
boluokime, boluoti
bolavau, boluoti
bolavai, boluoti
bolavo, boluoti
bolavome, boluoti
bolavote, boluoti
boluodavau, boluoti
boluodavai, boluoti
boluodavo, boluoti
boluodavome, boluoti
boluodavote, boluoti
boluosiu, boluoti
boluosi, boluoti
boluos, boluoti
boluosime, boluoti
boluosite, boluoti
boluočiau, boluoti
boluotum(ei), boluoti
boluotų, boluoti
boluotu(mė)me, boluoti
boluotu(mė)te, boluoti
bombarduoti, bombarduoti
bombarduoju, bombarduoti
bombarduoji, bombarduoti
bombarduoja, bombarduoti
bombarduojame, bombarduoti
bombarduojate, bombarduoti
bombarduok, bombarduoti
bombarduokite, bombarduoti
bombarduokime, bombarduoti
bombardavau, bombarduoti
bombardavai, bombarduoti
bombardavo, bombarduoti
bombardavome, bombarduoti
bombardavote, bombarduoti
bombarduodavau, bombarduoti
bombarduodavai, bombarduoti
bombarduodavo, bombarduoti
bombarduodavome, bombarduoti
bombarduodavote, bombarduoti
bombarduosiu, bombarduoti
bombarduosi, bombarduoti
bombarduos, bombarduoti
bombarduosime, bombarduoti
bombarduosite, bombarduoti
bombarduočiau, bombarduoti
bombarduotum(ei), bombarduoti
bombarduotų, bombarduoti
bombarduotu(mė)me, bombarduoti
bombarduotu(mė)te, bombarduoti
braidyti, braidyti
braidžau, braidyti
braidai, braidyti
braido, braidyti
braidome, braidyti
braidote, braidyti
braidyk, braidyti
braidykite, braidyti
braidykime, braidyti
braidei, braidyti
braidė, braidyti
braidėme, braidyti
braidėte, braidyti
braidydavau, braidyti
braidydavai, braidyti
braidydavo, braidyti
braidydavome, braidyti
braidydavote, braidyti
braidysiu, braidyti
braidysi, braidyti
braidys, braidyti
braidysime, braidyti
braidysite, braidyti
braidyčiau, braidyti
braidytum(ei), braidyti
braidytų, braidyti
braidytu(mė)me, braidyti
braidytu(mė)te, braidyti
braižyti, braižyti
braižau, braižyti
braižai, braižyti
braižo, braižyti
braižome, braižyti
braižote, braižyti
braižyk, braižyti
braižykite, braižyti
braižykime, braižyti
braižiau, braižyti
braižei, braižyti
braižė, braižyti
braižėme, braižyti
braižėte, braižyti
braižydavau, braižyti
braižydavai, braižyti
braižydavo, braižyti
braižydavome, braižyti
braižydavote, braižyti
braižysiu, braižyti
braižysi, braižyti
braižys, braižyti
braižysime, braižyti
braižysite, braižyti
braižyčiau, braižyti
braižytum(ei), braižyti
braižytų, braižyti
braižytu(mė)me, braižyti
braižytu(mė)te, braižyti
brandinti, brandinti
brandinu, brandinti
brandini, brandinti
brandina, brandinti
brandiname, brandinti
brandinate, brandinti
brandink, brandinti
brandinkite, brandinti
brandinkime, brandinti
brandinau, brandinti
brandinai, brandinti
brandino, brandinti
brandinome, brandinti
brandinote, brandinti
brandindavau, brandinti
brandindavai, brandinti
brandindavo, brandinti
brandindavome, brandinti
brandindavote, brandinti
brandinsiu, brandinti
brandinsi, brandinti
brandins, brandinti
brandinsime, brandinti
brandinsite, brandinti
brandinčiau, brandinti
brandintum(ei), brandinti
brandintų, brandinti
brandintu(mė)me, brandinti
brandintu(mė)te, brandinti
branginti, branginti
branginu, branginti
brangini, branginti
brangina, branginti
branginame, branginti
branginate, branginti
brangink, branginti
branginkite, branginti
branginkime, branginti
branginau, branginti
branginai, branginti
brangino, branginti
branginome, branginti
branginote, branginti
brangindavau, branginti
brangindavai, branginti
brangindavo, branginti
brangindavome, branginti
brangindavote, branginti
branginsiu, branginti
branginsi, branginti
brangins, branginti
branginsime, branginti
branginsite, branginti
branginčiau, branginti
brangintum(ei), branginti
brangintų, branginti
brangintu(mė)me, branginti
brangintu(mė)te, branginti
brangti, brangti
brangstu, brangti
brangsti, brangti
brangsta, brangti
brangstame, brangti
brangstate, brangti
brank, brangti
brankite, brangti
brankime, brangti
brangau, brangti
brangai, brangti
brango, brangti
brangome, brangti
brangote, brangti
brangdavau, brangti
brangdavai, brangti
brangdavo, brangti
brangdavome, brangti
brangdavote, brangti
brangsiu, brangti
brangsi, brangti
brangs, brangti
brangsime, brangti
brangsite, brangti
brangčiau, brangti
brangtum(ei), brangti
brangtų, brangti
brangtu(mė)me, brangti
brangtu(mė)te, brangti
braukti, braukti
braukiu, braukti
brauki, braukti
braukia, braukti
braukiame, braukti
braukiate, braukti
brauk, braukti
braukite, braukti
braukime, braukti
braukiau, braukti
braukei, braukti
braukė, braukti
braukėme, braukti
braukėte, braukti
braukdavau, braukti
braukdavai, braukti
braukdavo, braukti
braukdavome, braukti
braukdavote, braukti
brauksiu, braukti
brauksi, braukti
brauks, braukti
brauksime, braukti
brauksite, braukti
braukčiau, braukti
brauktum(ei), braukti
brauktų, braukti
brauktu(mė)me, braukti
brauktu(mė)te, braukti
braukyti, braukyti
braukau, braukyti
braukai, braukyti
brauko, braukyti
braukome, braukyti
braukote, braukyti
braukyk, braukyti
braukykite, braukyti
braukykime, braukyti
braukiau, braukyti
braukei, braukyti
braukė, braukyti
braukėme, braukyti
braukėte, braukyti
braukydavau, braukyti
braukydavai, braukyti
braukydavo, braukyti
braukydavome, braukyti
braukydavote, braukyti
braukysiu, braukyti
braukysi, braukyti
braukys, braukyti
braukysime, braukyti
braukysite, braukyti
braukyčiau, braukyti
braukytum(ei), braukyti
braukytų, braukyti
braukytu(mė)me, braukyti
braukytu(mė)te, braukyti
brazdėti, brazdėti
brazdžu, brazdėti
brazdi, brazdėti
brazda, brazdėti
brazdame, brazdėti
brazdate, brazdėti
brazdėk, brazdėti
brazdėkite, brazdėti
brazdėkime, brazdėti
brazdėjau, brazdėti
brazdėjai, brazdėti
brazdėjo, brazdėti
brazdėjome, brazdėti
brazdėjote, brazdėti
brazdėdavau, brazdėti
brazdėdavai, brazdėti
brazdėdavo, brazdėti
brazdėdavome, brazdėti
brazdėdavote, brazdėti
brazdėsiu, brazdėti
brazdėsi, brazdėti
brazdės, brazdėti
brazdėsime, brazdėti
brazdėsite, brazdėti
brazdėčiau, brazdėti
brazdėtum(ei), brazdėti
brazdėtų, brazdėti
brazdėtu(mė)me, brazdėti
brazdėtu(mė)te, brazdėti
bręsti, bręsti
brestu, bręsti
bresti, bręsti
bresta, bręsti
brestame, bręsti
brestate, bręsti
bręsk, bręsti
bręskite, bręsti
bręskime, bręsti
brendau, bręsti
brendai, bręsti
brendo, bręsti
brendome, bręsti
brendote, bręsti
bręsdavau, bręsti
bręsdavai, bręsti
bręsdavo, bręsti
bręsdavome, bręsti
bręsdavote, bręsti
bręsiu, bręsti
bręsi, bręsti
bręs, bręsti
bręsime, bręsti
bręsite, bręsti
bręsčiau, bręsti
bręstum(ei), bręsti
bręstų, bręsti
bręstu(mė)me, bręsti
bręstu(mė)te, bręsti
brėžti, brėžti
brėžiu, brėžti
brėži, brėžti
brėžia, brėžti
brėžiame, brėžti
brėžiate, brėžti
brėžk, brėžti
brėžkite, brėžti
brėžkime, brėžti
brėžiau, brėžti
brėžei, brėžti
brėžė, brėžti
brėžėme, brėžti
brėžėte, brėžti
brėždavau, brėžti
brėždavai, brėžti
brėždavo, brėžti
brėždavome, brėžti
brėždavote, brėžti
brėžšiu, brėžti
brėžši, brėžti
brėžš, brėžti
brėžšime, brėžti
brėžšite, brėžti
brėžčiau, brėžti
brėžtum(ei), brėžti
brėžtų, brėžti
brėžtu(mė)me, brėžti
brėžtu(mė)te, brėžti
brinkti, brinkti
brinkstu, brinkti
brinksti, brinkti
brinksta, brinkti
brinkstame, brinkti
brinkstate, brinkti
brink, brinkti
brinkite, brinkti
brinkime, brinkti
brinkau, brinkti
brinkai, brinkti
brinko, brinkti
brinkome, brinkti
brinkote, brinkti
brinkdavau, brinkti
brinkdavai, brinkti
brinkdavo, brinkti
brinkdavome, brinkti
brinkdavote, brinkti
brinksiu, brinkti
brinksi, brinkti
brinks, brinkti
brinksime, brinkti
brinksite, brinkti
brinkčiau, brinkti
brinktum(ei), brinkti
brinktų, brinkti
brinktu(mė)me, brinkti
brinktu(mė)te, brinkti
bristi, bristi
brendžu, bristi
brendi, bristi
brenda, bristi
brendame, bristi
brendate, bristi
brisk, bristi
briskite, bristi
briskime, bristi
bridau, bristi
bridai, bristi
brido, bristi
bridome, bristi
bridote, bristi
brisdavau, bristi
brisdavai, bristi
brisdavo, bristi
brisdavome, bristi
brisdavote, bristi
brisiu, bristi
brisi, bristi
bris, bristi
brisime, bristi
brisite, bristi
brisčiau, bristi
bristum(ei), bristi
bristų, bristi
bristu(mė)me, bristi
bristu(mė)te, bristi
brukti, brukti
brunku, brukti
brunki, brukti
brunka, brukti
brunkame, brukti
brunkate, brukti
bruk, brukti
brukite, brukti
brukime, brukti
brukau, brukti
brukai, brukti
bruko, brukti
brukome, brukti
brukote, brukti
brukdavau, brukti
brukdavai, brukti
brukdavo, brukti
brukdavome, brukti
brukdavote, brukti
bruksiu, brukti
bruksi, brukti
bruks, brukti
bruksime, brukti
bruksite, brukti
brukčiau, brukti
bruktum(ei), brukti
bruktų, brukti
bruktu(mė)me, brukti
bruktu(mė)te, brukti
brūžinti, brūžinti
brūžinu, brūžinti
brūžini, brūžinti
brūžina, brūžinti
brūžiname, brūžinti
brūžinate, brūžinti
brūžink, brūžinti
brūžinkite, brūžinti
brūžinkime, brūžinti
brūžinau, brūžinti
brūžinai, brūžinti
brūžino, brūžinti
brūžinome, brūžinti
brūžinote, brūžinti
brūžindavau, brūžinti
brūžindavai, brūžinti
brūžindavo, brūžinti
brūžindavome, brūžinti
brūžindavote, brūžinti
brūžinsiu, brūžinti
brūžinsi, brūžinti
brūžins, brūžinti
brūžinsime, brūžinti
brūžinsite, brūžinti
brūžinčiau, brūžinti
brūžintum(ei), brūžinti
brūžintų, brūžinti
brūžintu(mė)me, brūžinti
brūžintu(mė)te, brūžinti
bučiuoti, bučiuoti
bučiuoju, bučiuoti
bučiuoji, bučiuoti
bučiuoja, bučiuoti
bučiuojame, bučiuoti
bučiuojate, bučiuoti
bučiuok, bučiuoti
bučiuokite, bučiuoti
bučiuokime, bučiuoti
bučiavau, bučiuoti
bučiavai, bučiuoti
bučiavo, bučiuoti
bučiavome, bučiuoti
bučiavote, bučiuoti
bučiuodavau, bučiuoti
bučiuodavai, bučiuoti
bučiuodavo, bučiuoti
bučiuodavome, bučiuoti
bučiuodavote, bučiuoti
bučiuosiu, bučiuoti
bučiuosi, bučiuoti
bučiuos, bučiuoti
bučiuosime, bučiuoti
bučiuosite, bučiuoti
bučiuočiau, bučiuoti
bučiuotum(ei), bučiuoti
bučiuotų, bučiuoti
bučiuotu(mė)me, bučiuoti
bučiuotu(mė)te, bučiuoti
budėti, budėti
budžiu, budėti
budi, budėti
budi, budėti
budime, budėti
budite, budėti
budėk, budėti
budėkite, budėti
budėkime, budėti
budėjau, budėti
budėjai, budėti
budėjo, budėti
budėjome, budėti
budėjote, budėti
budėdavau, budėti
budėdavai, budėti
budėdavo, budėti
budėdavome, budėti
budėdavote, budėti
budėsiu, budėti
budėsi, budėti
budės, budėti
budėsime, budėti
budėsite, budėti
budėčiau, budėti
budėtum(ei), budėti
budėtų, budėti
budėtu(mė)me, budėti
budėtu(mė)te, budėti
budinti, budinti
budinu, budinti
budini, budinti
budina, budinti
budiname, budinti
budinate, budinti
budink, budinti
budinkite, budinti
budinkime, budinti
budinau, budinti
budinai, budinti
budino, budinti
budinome, budinti
budinote, budinti
budindavau, budinti
budindavai, budinti
budindavo, budinti
budindavome, budinti
budindavote, budinti
budinsiu, budinti
budinsi, budinti
budins, budinti
budinsime, budinti
budinsite, budinti
budinčiau, budinti
budintum(ei), budinti
budintų, budinti
budintu(mė)me, budinti
budintu(mė)te, budinti
būgštauti, būgštauti
būgštauju, būgštauti
būgštauji, būgštauti
būgštauja, būgštauti
būgštaujame, būgštauti
būgštaujate, būgštauti
būgštauk, būgštauti
būgštaukite, būgštauti
būgštaukime, būgštauti
būgštavau, būgštauti
būgštavai, būgštauti
būgštavo, būgštauti
būgštavome, būgštauti
būgštavote, būgštauti
būgštaudavau, būgštauti
būgštaudavai, būgštauti
būgštaudavo, būgštauti
būgštaudavome, būgštauti
būgštaudavote, būgštauti
būgštausiu, būgštauti
būgštausi, būgštauti
būgštaus, būgštauti
būgštausime, būgštauti
būgštausite, būgštauti
būgštaučiau, būgštauti
būgštautum(ei), būgštauti
būgštautų, būgštauti
būgštautu(mė)me, būgštauti
būgštautu(mė)te, būgštauti
bujoti, bujoti
bujoju, bujoti
bujoji, bujoti
bujoja, bujoti
bujojame, bujoti
bujojate, bujoti
bujok, bujoti
bujokite, bujoti
bujokime, bujoti
bujojau, bujoti
bujojai, bujoti
bujojo, bujoti
bujojome, bujoti
bujojote, bujoti
bujodavau, bujoti
bujodavai, bujoti
bujodavo, bujoti
bujodavome, bujoti
bujodavote, bujoti
bujosiu, bujoti
bujosi, bujoti
bujos, bujoti
bujosime, bujoti
bujosite, bujoti
bujočiau, bujoti
bujotum(ei), bujoti
bujotų, bujoti
bujotu(mė)me, bujoti
bujotu(mė)te, bujoti
burbėti, burbėti
burbu, burbėti
burbi, burbėti
burba, burbėti
burbame, burbėti
burbate, burbėti
burbėk, burbėti
burbėkite, burbėti
burbėkime, burbėti
burbėjau, burbėti
burbėjai, burbėti
burbėjo, burbėti
burbėjome, burbėti
burbėjote, burbėti
burbėdavau, burbėti
burbėdavai, burbėti
burbėdavo, burbėti
burbėdavome, burbėti
burbėdavote, burbėti
burbėsiu, burbėti
burbėsi, burbėti
burbės, burbėti
burbėsime, burbėti
burbėsite, burbėti
burbėčiau, burbėti
burbėtum(ei), burbėti
burbėtų, burbėti
burbėtu(mė)me, burbėti
burbėtu(mė)te, burbėti
burbuliuoti, burbuliuoti
burbuliuoju, burbuliuoti
burbuliuoji, burbuliuoti
burbuliuoja, burbuliuoti
burbuliuojame, burbuliuoti
burbuliuojate, burbuliuoti
burbuliuok, burbuliuoti
burbuliuokite, burbuliuoti
burbuliuokime, burbuliuoti
burbuliavau, burbuliuoti
burbuliavai, burbuliuoti
burbuliavo, burbuliuoti
burbuliavome, burbuliuoti
burbuliavote, burbuliuoti
burbuliuodavau, burbuliuoti
burbuliuodavai, burbuliuoti
burbuliuodavo, burbuliuoti
burbuliuodavome, burbuliuoti
burbuliuodavote, burbuliuoti
burbuliuosiu, burbuliuoti
burbuliuosi, burbuliuoti
burbuliuos, burbuliuoti
burbuliuosime, burbuliuoti
burbuliuosite, burbuliuoti
burbuliuočiau, burbuliuoti
burbuliuotum(ei), burbuliuoti
burbuliuotų, burbuliuoti
burbuliuotu(mė)me, burbuliuoti
burbuliuotu(mė)te, burbuliuoti
buriuoti, buriuoti
buriuoju, buriuoti
buriuoji, buriuoti
buriuoja, buriuoti
buriuojame, buriuoti
buriuojate, buriuoti
buriuok, buriuoti
buriuokite, buriuoti
buriuokime, buriuoti
buriavau, buriuoti
buriavai, buriuoti
buriavo, buriuoti
buriavome, buriuoti
buriavote, buriuoti
buriuodavau, buriuoti
buriuodavai, buriuoti
buriuodavo, buriuoti
buriuodavome, buriuoti
buriuodavote, buriuoti
buriuosiu, buriuoti
buriuosi, buriuoti
buriuos, buriuoti
buriuosime, buriuoti
buriuosite, buriuoti
buriuočiau, buriuoti
buriuotum(ei), buriuoti
buriuotų, buriuoti
buriuotu(mė)me, buriuoti
buriuotu(mė)te, buriuoti
būriuoti, būriuoti
buriuoju, būriuoti
buriuoji, būriuoti
buriuoja, būriuoti
buriuojame, būriuoti
buriuojate, būriuoti
būriuok, būriuoti
būriuokite, būriuoti
būriuokime, būriuoti
buriavau, būriuoti
buriavai, būriuoti
buriavo, būriuoti
buriavome, būriuoti
buriavote, būriuoti
būriuodavau, būriuoti
būriuodavai, būriuoti
būriuodavo, būriuoti
būriuodavome, būriuoti
būriuodavote, būriuoti
būriuosiu, būriuoti
būriuosi, būriuoti
buriuos, būriuoti
būriuosime, būriuoti
būriuosite, būriuoti
būriuočiau, būriuoti
būriuotum(ei), būriuoti
būriuotų, būriuoti
būriuotu(mė)me, būriuoti
būriuotu(mė)te, būriuoti
burti, burti
buriu, burti
buri, burti
buria, burti
buriame, burti
buriate, burti
burk, burti
burkite, burti
burkime, burti
būriau, burti
būrei, burti
būrė, burti
būrėme, burti
būrėte, burti
burdavau, burti
burdavai, burti
burdavo, burti
burdavome, burti
burdavote, burti
bursiu, burti
bursi, burti
burs, burti
bursime, burti
bursite, burti
burčiau, burti
burtum(ei), burti
burtų, burti
burtu(mė)me, burti
burtu(mė)te, burti
busti, busti
bundžu, busti
bundi, busti
bunda, busti
bundame, busti
bundate, busti
busk, busti
buskite, busti
buskime, busti
budau, busti
budai, busti
budo, busti
budome, busti
budote, busti
busdavau, busti
busdavai, busti
busdavo, busti
busdavome, busti
busdavote, busti
busiu, busti
busi, busti
bus, busti
busime, busti
busite, busti
busčiau, busti
bustum(ei), busti
bustų, busti
bustu(mė)me, busti
bustu(mė)te, busti
būti, būti
yru, būti
yri, būti
yra, būti
yrame, būti
yrate, būti
būk, būti
būkite, būti
būkime, būti
buvau, būti
buvai, būti
buvo, būti
buvome, būti
buvote, būti
būdavau, būti
būdavai, būti
būdavo, būti
būdavome, būti
būdavote, būti
būsiu, būti
būsi, būti
būs, būti
būsime, būti
būsite, būti
būčiau, būti
būtum(ei), būti
būtų, būti
būtu(mė)me, būti
būtu(mė)te, būti
buvoti, buvoti
buvoju, buvoti
buvoji, buvoti
buvoja, buvoti
buvojame, buvoti
buvojate, buvoti
buvok, buvoti
buvokite, buvoti
buvokime, buvoti
buvojau, buvoti
buvojai, buvoti
buvojo, buvoti
buvojome, buvoti
buvojote, buvoti
buvodavau, buvoti
buvodavai, buvoti
buvodavo, buvoti
buvodavome, buvoti
buvodavote, buvoti
buvosiu, buvoti
buvosi, buvoti
buvos, buvoti
buvosime, buvoti
buvosite, buvoti
buvočiau, buvoti
buvotum(ei), buvoti
buvotų, buvoti
buvotu(mė)me, buvoti
buvotu(mė)te, buvoti
byloti, byloti
byloju, byloti
byloji, byloti
byloja, byloti
bylojame, byloti
bylojate, byloti
bylok, byloti
bylokite, byloti
bylokime, byloti
bylojau, byloti
bylojai, byloti
bylojo, byloti
bylojome, byloti
bylojote, byloti
bylodavau, byloti
bylodavai, byloti
bylodavo, byloti
bylodavome, byloti
bylodavote, byloti
bylosiu, byloti
bylosi, byloti
bylos, byloti
bylosime, byloti
bylosite, byloti
byločiau, byloti
bylotum(ei), byloti
bylotų, byloti
bylotu(mė)me, byloti
bylotu(mė)te, byloti
byrėti, byrėti
byru, byrėti
byri, byrėti
byra, byrėti
byrame, byrėti
byrate, byrėti
byrėk, byrėti
byrėkite, byrėti
byrėkime, byrėti
byrėjau, byrėti
byrėjai, byrėti
byrėjo, byrėti
byrėjome, byrėti
byrėjote, byrėti
byrėdavau, byrėti
byrėdavai, byrėti
byrėdavo, byrėti
byrėdavome, byrėti
byrėdavote, byrėti
byrėsiu, byrėti
byrėsi, byrėti
byrės, byrėti
byrėsime, byrėti
byrėsite, byrėti
byrėčiau, byrėti
byrėtum(ei), byrėti
byrėtų, byrėti
byrėtu(mė)me, byrėti
byrėtu(mė)te, byrėti
čežėti, čežėti
čežu, čežėti
čeži, čežėti
čeža, čežėti
čežame, čežėti
čežate, čežėti
čežėk, čežėti
čežėkite, čežėti
čežėkime, čežėti
čežėjau, čežėti
čežėjai, čežėti
čežėjo, čežėti
čežėjome, čežėti
čežėjote, čežėti
čežėdavau, čežėti
čežėdavai, čežėti
čežėdavo, čežėti
čežėdavome, čežėti
čežėdavote, čežėti
čežėsiu, čežėti
čežėsi, čežėti
čežės, čežėti
čežėsime, čežėti
čežėsite, čežėti
čežėčiau, čežėti
čežėtum(ei), čežėti
čežėtų, čežėti
čežėtu(mė)me, čežėti
čežėtu(mė)te, čežėti
čežti, čežti
čęžtu, čežti
čęžti, čežti
čęžta, čežti
čęžtame, čežti
čęžtate, čežti
čežk, čežti
čežkite, čežti
čežkime, čežti
čežau, čežti
čežai, čežti
čežo, čežti
čežome, čežti
čežote, čežti
čeždavau, čežti
čeždavai, čežti
čeždavo, čežti
čeždavome, čežti
čeždavote, čežti
čežšiu, čežti
čežši, čežti
čežš, čežti
čežšime, čežti
čežšite, čežti
čežčiau, čežti
čežtum(ei), čežti
čežtų, čežti
čežtu(mė)me, čežti
čežtu(mė)te, čežti
čiaudėti, čiaudėti
čiaudėju, čiaudėti
čiaudėji, čiaudėti
čiaudėja, čiaudėti
čiaudėjame, čiaudėti
čiaudėjate, čiaudėti
čiaudėk, čiaudėti
čiaudėkite, čiaudėti
čiaudėkime, čiaudėti
čiaudėjau, čiaudėti
čiaudėjai, čiaudėti
čiaudėjo, čiaudėti
čiaudėjome, čiaudėti
čiaudėjote, čiaudėti
čiaudėdavau, čiaudėti
čiaudėdavai, čiaudėti
čiaudėdavo, čiaudėti
čiaudėdavome, čiaudėti
čiaudėdavote, čiaudėti
čiaudėsiu, čiaudėti
čiaudėsi, čiaudėti
čiaudės, čiaudėti
čiaudėsime, čiaudėti
čiaudėsite, čiaudėti
čiaudėčiau, čiaudėti
čiaudėtum(ei), čiaudėti
čiaudėtų, čiaudėti
čiaudėtu(mė)me, čiaudėti
čiaudėtu(mė)te, čiaudėti
čiauškėti, čiauškėti
čiaušku, čiauškėti
čiauški, čiauškėti
čiauška, čiauškėti
čiauškame, čiauškėti
čiauškate, čiauškėti
čiauškėk, čiauškėti
čiauškėkite, čiauškėti
čiauškėkime, čiauškėti
čiauškėjau, čiauškėti
čiauškėjai, čiauškėti
čiauškėjo, čiauškėti
čiauškėjome, čiauškėti
čiauškėjote, čiauškėti
čiauškėdavau, čiauškėti
čiauškėdavai, čiauškėti
čiauškėdavo, čiauškėti
čiauškėdavome, čiauškėti
čiauškėdavote, čiauškėti
čiauškėsiu, čiauškėti
čiauškėsi, čiauškėti
čiauškės, čiauškėti
čiauškėsime, čiauškėti
čiauškėsite, čiauškėti
čiauškėčiau, čiauškėti
čiauškėtum(ei), čiauškėti
čiauškėtų, čiauškėti
čiauškėtu(mė)me, čiauškėti
čiauškėtu(mė)te, čiauškėti
čiaužti, čiaužti
čiaužiu, čiaužti
čiauži, čiaužti
čiaužia, čiaužti
čiaužiame, čiaužti
čiaužiate, čiaužti
čiaužk, čiaužti
čiaužkite, čiaužti
čiaužkime, čiaužti
čiaužiau, čiaužti
čiaužei, čiaužti
čiaužė, čiaužti
čiaužėme, čiaužti
čiaužėte, čiaužti
čiauždavau, čiaužti
čiauždavai, čiaužti
čiauždavo, čiaužti
čiauždavome, čiaužti
čiauždavote, čiaužti
čiaužšiu, čiaužti
čiaužši, čiaužti
čiaužš, čiaužti
čiaužšime, čiaužti
čiaužšite, čiaužti
čiaužčiau, čiaužti
čiaužtum(ei), čiaužti
čiaužtų, čiaužti
čiaužtu(mė)me, čiaužti
čiaužtu(mė)te, čiaužti
čirpėti, čirpėti
čirpu, čirpėti
čirpi, čirpėti
čirpa, čirpėti
čirpame, čirpėti
čirpate, čirpėti
čirpėk, čirpėti
čirpėkite, čirpėti
čirpėkime, čirpėti
čirpėjau, čirpėti
čirpėjai, čirpėti
čirpėjo, čirpėti
čirpėjome, čirpėti
čirpėjote, čirpėti
čirpėdavau, čirpėti
čirpėdavai, čirpėti
čirpėdavo, čirpėti
čirpėdavome, čirpėti
čirpėdavote, čirpėti
čirpėsiu, čirpėti
čirpėsi, čirpėti
čirpės, čirpėti
čirpėsime, čirpėti
čirpėsite, čirpėti
čirpėčiau, čirpėti
čirpėtum(ei), čirpėti
čirpėtų, čirpėti
čirpėtu(mė)me, čirpėti
čirpėtu(mė)te, čirpėti
cituoti, cituoti
cituoju, cituoti
cituoji, cituoti
cituoja, cituoti
cituojame, cituoti
cituojate, cituoti
cituok, cituoti
cituokite, cituoti
cituokime, cituoti
citavau, cituoti
citavai, cituoti
citavo, cituoti
citavome, cituoti
citavote, cituoti
cituodavau, cituoti
cituodavai, cituoti
cituodavo, cituoti
cituodavome, cituoti
cituodavote, cituoti
cituosiu, cituoti
cituosi, cituoti
cituos, cituoti
cituosime, cituoti
cituosite, cituoti
cituočiau, cituoti
cituotum(ei), cituoti
cituotų, cituoti
cituotu(mė)me, cituoti
cituotu(mė)te, cituoti
čiulbėti, čiulbėti
čiulbu, čiulbėti
čiulbi, čiulbėti
čiulba, čiulbėti
čiulbame, čiulbėti
čiulbate, čiulbėti
čiulbėk, čiulbėti
čiulbėkite, čiulbėti
čiulbėkime, čiulbėti
čiulbėjau, čiulbėti
čiulbėjai, čiulbėti
čiulbėjo, čiulbėti
čiulbėjome, čiulbėti
čiulbėjote, čiulbėti
čiulbėdavau, čiulbėti
čiulbėdavai, čiulbėti
čiulbėdavo, čiulbėti
čiulbėdavome, čiulbėti
čiulbėdavote, čiulbėti
čiulbėsiu, čiulbėti
čiulbėsi, čiulbėti
čiulbės, čiulbėti
čiulbėsime, čiulbėti
čiulbėsite, čiulbėti
čiulbėčiau, čiulbėti
čiulbėtum(ei), čiulbėti
čiulbėtų, čiulbėti
čiulbėtu(mė)me, čiulbėti
čiulbėtu(mė)te, čiulbėti
čiulpti, čiulpti
čiulpiu, čiulpti
čiulpi, čiulpti
čiulpia, čiulpti
čiulpiame, čiulpti
čiulpiate, čiulpti
čiulpk, čiulpti
čiulpkite, čiulpti
čiulpkime, čiulpti
čiulpiau, čiulpti
čiulpei, čiulpti
čiulpė, čiulpti
čiulpėme, čiulpti
čiulpėte, čiulpti
čiulpdavau, čiulpti
čiulpdavai, čiulpti
čiulpdavo, čiulpti
čiulpdavome, čiulpti
čiulpdavote, čiulpti
čiulpsiu, čiulpti
čiulpsi, čiulpti
čiulps, čiulpti
čiulpsime, čiulpti
čiulpsite, čiulpti
čiulpčiau, čiulpti
čiulptum(ei), čiulpti
čiulptų, čiulpti
čiulptu(mė)me, čiulpti
čiulptu(mė)te, čiulpti
čiuožinėti, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėju, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėji, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėja, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėjame, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėjate, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėk, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėkite, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėkime, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėjau, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėjai, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėjo, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėjome, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėjote, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėdavau, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėdavai, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėdavo, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėdavome, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėdavote, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėsiu, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėsi, čiuožinėti
čiuožinės, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėsime, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėsite, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėčiau, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėtum(ei), čiuožinėti
čiuožinėtų, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėtu(mė)me, čiuožinėti
čiuožinėtu(mė)te, čiuožinėti
čiuožti, čiuožti
čiuožiu, čiuožti
čiuoži, čiuožti
čiuožia, čiuožti
čiuožiame, čiuožti
čiuožiate, čiuožti
čiuožk, čiuožti
čiuožkite, čiuožti
čiuožkime, čiuožti
čiuožiau, čiuožti
čiuožei, čiuožti
čiuožė, čiuožti
čiuožėme, čiuožti
čiuožėte, čiuožti
čiuoždavau, čiuožti
čiuoždavai, čiuožti
čiuoždavo, čiuožti
čiuoždavome, čiuožti
čiuoždavote, čiuožti
čiuožšiu, čiuožti
čiuožši, čiuožti
čiuožš, čiuožti
čiuožšime, čiuožti
čiuožšite, čiuožti
čiuožčiau, čiuožti
čiuožtum(ei), čiuožti
čiuožtų, čiuožti
čiuožtu(mė)me, čiuožti
čiuožtu(mė)te, čiuožti
čiupti, čiupti
čiupu, čiupti
čiupi, čiupti
čiupa, čiupti
čiupame, čiupti
čiupate, čiupti
čiupk, čiupti
čiupkite, čiupti
čiupkime, čiupti
čiupau, čiupti
čiupai, čiupti
čiupo, čiupti
čiupome, čiupti
čiupote, čiupti
čiupdavau, čiupti
čiupdavai, čiupti
čiupdavo, čiupti
čiupdavome, čiupti
čiupdavote, čiupti
čiupsiu, čiupti
čiupsi, čiupti
čiups, čiupti
čiupsime, čiupti
čiupsite, čiupti
čiupčiau, čiupti
čiuptum(ei), čiupti
čiuptų, čiupti
čiuptu(mė)me, čiupti
čiuptu(mė)te, čiupti
civilizuoti, civilizuoti
civilizuoju, civilizuoti
civilizuoji, civilizuoti
civilizuoja, civilizuoti
civilizuojame, civilizuoti
civilizuojate, civilizuoti
civilizuok, civilizuoti
civilizuokite, civilizuoti
civilizuokime, civilizuoti
civilizavau, civilizuoti
civilizavai, civilizuoti
civilizavo, civilizuoti
civilizavome, civilizuoti
civilizavote, civilizuoti
civilizuodavau, civilizuoti
civilizuodavai, civilizuoti
civilizuodavo, civilizuoti
civilizuodavome, civilizuoti
civilizuodavote, civilizuoti
civilizuosiu, civilizuoti
civilizuosi, civilizuoti
civilizuos, civilizuoti
civilizuosime, civilizuoti
civilizuosite, civilizuoti
civilizuočiau, civilizuoti
civilizuotum(ei), civilizuoti
civilizuotų, civilizuoti
civilizuotu(mė)me, civilizuoti
civilizuotu(mė)te, civilizuoti
cypauti, cypauti
cypauju, cypauti
cypauji, cypauti
cypauja, cypauti
cypaujame, cypauti
cypaujate, cypauti
cypauk, cypauti
cypaukite, cypauti
cypaukime, cypauti
cypavau, cypauti
cypavai, cypauti
cypavo, cypauti
cypavome, cypauti
cypavote, cypauti
cypaudavau, cypauti
cypaudavai, cypauti
cypaudavo, cypauti
cypaudavome, cypauti
cypaudavote, cypauti
cypausiu, cypauti
cypausi, cypauti
cypaus, cypauti
cypausime, cypauti
cypausite, cypauti
cypaučiau, cypauti
cypautum(ei), cypauti
cypautų, cypauti
cypautu(mė)me, cypauti
cypautu(mė)te, cypauti
cypti, cypti
cypiu, cypti
cypi, cypti
cypia, cypti
cypiame, cypti
cypiate, cypti
cypk, cypti
cypkite, cypti
cypkime, cypti
cypiau, cypti
cypei, cypti
cypė, cypti
cypėme, cypti
cypėte, cypti
cypdavau, cypti
cypdavai, cypti
cypdavo, cypti
cypdavome, cypti
cypdavote, cypti
cypsiu, cypti
cypsi, cypti
cyps, cypti
cypsime, cypti
cypsite, cypti
cypčiau, cypti
cyptum(ei), cypti
cyptų, cypti
cyptu(mė)me, cypti
cyptu(mė)te, cypti
dabinti, dabinti
dabinu, dabinti
dabini, dabinti
dabina, dabinti
dabiname, dabinti
dabinate, dabinti
dabink, dabinti
dabinkite, dabinti
dabinkime, dabinti
dabinau, dabinti
dabinai, dabinti
dabino, dabinti
dabinome, dabinti
dabinote, dabinti
dabindavau, dabinti
dabindavai, dabinti
dabindavo, dabinti
dabindavome, dabinti
dabindavote, dabinti
dabinsiu, dabinti
dabinsi, dabinti
dabins, dabinti
dabinsime, dabinti
dabinsite, dabinti
dabinčiau, dabinti
dabintum(ei), dabinti
dabintų, dabinti
dabintu(mė)me, dabinti
dabintu(mė)te, dabinti
dailėti, dailėti
 dailėju, dailėti
 dailėji, dailėti
 dailėja, dailėti
 dailėjame, dailėti
 dailėjate, dailėti
dailėk, dailėti
dailėkite, dailėti
dailėkime, dailėti
 dailėjau, dailėti
 dailėjai, dailėti
 dailėjo, dailėti
 dailėjome, dailėti
 dailėjote, dailėti
dailėdavau, dailėti
dailėdavai, dailėti
dailėdavo, dailėti
dailėdavome, dailėti
dailėdavote, dailėti
dailėsiu, dailėti
dailėsi, dailėti
dailės, dailėti
dailėsime, dailėti
dailėsite, dailėti
dailėčiau, dailėti
dailėtum(ei), dailėti
dailėtų, dailėti
dailėtu(mė)me, dailėti
dailėtu(mė)te, dailėti
dainuoti, dainuoti
dainuoju, dainuoti
dainuoji, dainuoti
dainuoja, dainuoti
dainuojame, dainuoti
dainuojate, dainuoti
dainuok, dainuoti
dainuokite, dainuoti
dainuokime, dainuoti
dainavau, dainuoti
dainavai, dainuoti
dainavo, dainuoti
dainavome, dainuoti
dainavote, dainuoti
dainuodavau, dainuoti
dainuodavai, dainuoti
dainuodavo, dainuoti
dainuodavome, dainuoti
dainuodavote, dainuoti
dainuosiu, dainuoti
dainuosi, dainuoti
dainuos, dainuoti
dainuosime, dainuoti
dainuosite, dainuoti
dainuočiau, dainuoti
dainuotum(ei), dainuoti
dainuotų, dainuoti
dainuotu(mė)me, dainuoti
dainuotu(mė)te, dainuoti
dalinti, dalinti
dalinu, dalinti
dalini, dalinti
dalina, dalinti
daliname, dalinti
dalinate, dalinti
dalink, dalinti
dalinkite, dalinti
dalinkime, dalinti
dalinau, dalinti
dalinai, dalinti
dalino, dalinti
dalinome, dalinti
dalinote, dalinti
dalindavau, dalinti
dalindavai, dalinti
dalindavo, dalinti
dalindavome, dalinti
dalindavote, dalinti
dalinsiu, dalinti
dalinsi, dalinti
dalins, dalinti
dalinsime, dalinti
dalinsite, dalinti
dalinčiau, dalinti
dalintum(ei), dalinti
dalintų, dalinti
dalintu(mė)me, dalinti
dalintu(mė)te, dalinti
dalyti, dalyti
daliju, dalyti
daliji, dalyti
dalija, dalyti
dalijame, dalyti
dalijate, dalyti
dalyk, dalyti
dalykite, dalyti
dalykime, dalyti
dalijau, dalyti
dalijai, dalyti
dalijo, dalyti
dalijome, dalyti
dalijote, dalyti
dalydavau, dalyti
dalydavai, dalyti
dalydavo, dalyti
dalydavome, dalyti
dalydavote, dalyti
dalysiu, dalyti
dalysi, dalyti
dalis, dalyti
dalysime, dalyti
dalysite, dalyti
dalyčiau, dalyti
dalytum(ei), dalyti
dalytų, dalyti
dalytu(mė)me, dalyti
dalytu(mė)te, dalyti
dalyvauti, dalyvauti
dalyvauju, dalyvauti
dalyvauji, dalyvauti
dalyvauja, dalyvauti
dalyvaujame, dalyvauti
dalyvaujate, dalyvauti
dalyvauk, dalyvauti
dalyvaukite, dalyvauti
dalyvaukime, dalyvauti
dalyvavau, dalyvauti
dalyvavai, dalyvauti
dalyvavo, dalyvauti
dalyvavome, dalyvauti
dalyvavote, dalyvauti
dalyvaudavau, dalyvauti
dalyvaudavai, dalyvauti
dalyvaudavo, dalyvauti
dalyvaudavome, dalyvauti
dalyvaudavote, dalyvauti
dalyvausiu, dalyvauti
dalyvausi, dalyvauti
dalyvaus, dalyvauti
dalyvausime, dalyvauti
dalyvausite, dalyvauti
dalyvaučiau, dalyvauti
dalyvautum(ei), dalyvauti
dalyvautų, dalyvauti
dalyvautu(mė)me, dalyvauti
dalyvautu(mė)te, dalyvauti
daryti, daryti
darau, daryti
darai, daryti
daro, daryti
darome, daryti
darote, daryti
daryk, daryti
darykite, daryti
darykime, daryti
dariau, daryti
darei, daryti
darė, daryti
darėme, daryti
darėte, daryti
darydavau, daryti
darydavai, daryti
darydavo, daryti
darydavome, daryti
darydavote, daryti
darysiu, daryti
darysi, daryti
darys, daryti
darysime, daryti
darysite, daryti
daryčiau, daryti
darytum(ei), daryti
darytų, daryti
darytu(mė)me, daryti
darytu(mė)te, daryti
daugėti, daugėti
daugėju, daugėti
daugėji, daugėti
daugėja, daugėti
daugėjame, daugėti
daugėjate, daugėti
daugėk, daugėti
daugėkite, daugėti
daugėkime, daugėti
daugėjau, daugėti
daugėjai, daugėti
daugėjo, daugėti
daugėjome, daugėti
daugėjote, daugėti
daugėdavau, daugėti
daugėdavai, daugėti
daugėdavo, daugėti
daugėdavome, daugėti
daugėdavote, daugėti
daugėsiu, daugėti
daugėsi, daugėti
daugės, daugėti
daugėsime, daugėti
daugėsite, daugėti
daugėčiau, daugėti
daugėtum(ei), daugėti
daugėtų, daugėti
daugėtu(mė)me, daugėti
daugėtu(mė)te, daugėti
dauginti, dauginti
dauginu, dauginti
daugini, dauginti
daugina, dauginti
dauginame, dauginti
dauginate, dauginti
daugink, dauginti
dauginkite, dauginti
dauginkime, dauginti
dauginau, dauginti
dauginai, dauginti
daugino, dauginti
dauginome, dauginti
dauginote, dauginti
daugindavau, dauginti
daugindavai, dauginti
daugindavo, dauginti
daugindavome, dauginti
daugindavote, dauginti
dauginsiu, dauginti
dauginsi, dauginti
daugins, dauginti
dauginsime, dauginti
dauginsite, dauginti
dauginčiau, dauginti
daugintum(ei), dauginti
daugintų, dauginti
daugintu(mė)me, dauginti
daugintu(mė)te, dauginti
daužinėti, daužinėti
daužinėju, daužinėti
daužinėji, daužinėti
daužinėja, daužinėti
daužinėjame, daužinėti
daužinėjate, daužinėti
daužinėk, daužinėti
daužinėkite, daužinėti
daužinėkime, daužinėti
daužinėjau, daužinėti
daužinėjai, daužinėti
daužinėjo, daužinėti
daužinėjome, daužinėti
daužinėjote, daužinėti
daužinėdavau, daužinėti
daužinėdavai, daužinėti
daužinėdavo, daužinėti
daužinėdavome, daužinėti
daužinėdavote, daužinėti
daužinėsiu, daužinėti
daužinėsi, daužinėti
daužinės, daužinėti
daužinėsime, daužinėti
daužinėsite, daužinėti
daužinėčiau, daužinėti
daužinėtum(ei), daužinėti
daužinėtų, daužinėti
daužinėtu(mė)me, daužinėti
daužinėtu(mė)te, daužinėti
daužti, daužti
daužiu, daužti
dauži, daužti
daužia, daužti
daužiame, daužti
daužiate, daužti
daužk, daužti
daužkite, daužti
daužkime, daužti
daužiau, daužti
daužei, daužti
daužė, daužti
daužėme, daužti
daužėte, daužti
dauždavau, daužti
dauždavai, daužti
dauždavo, daužti
dauždavome, daužti
dauždavote, daužti
daužšiu, daužti
daužši, daužti
daužš, daužti
daužšime, daužti
daužšite, daužti
daužčiau, daužti
daužtum(ei), daužti
daužtų, daužti
daužtu(mė)me, daužti
daužtu(mė)te, daužti
daužyti, daužyti
daužau, daužyti
daužai, daužyti
daužo, daužyti
daužome, daužyti
daužote, daužyti
daužyk, daužyti
daužykite, daužyti
daužykime, daužyti
daužiau, daužyti
daužei, daužyti
daužė, daužyti
daužėme, daužyti
daužėte, daužyti
daužydavau, daužyti
daužydavai, daužyti
daužydavo, daužyti
daužydavome, daužyti
daužydavote, daužyti
daužysiu, daužyti
daužysi, daužyti
daužys, daužyti
daužysime, daužyti
daužysite, daužyti
daužyčiau, daužyti
daužytum(ei), daužyti
daužytų, daužyti
daužytu(mė)me, daužyti
daužytu(mė)te, daužyti
davinėti, davinėti
davinėju, davinėti
davinėji, davinėti
davinėja, davinėti
davinėjame, davinėti
davinėjate, davinėti
davinėk, davinėti
davinėkite, davinėti
davinėkime, davinėti
davinėjau, davinėti
davinėjai, davinėti
davinėjo, davinėti
davinėjome, davinėti
davinėjote, davinėti
davinėdavau, davinėti
davinėdavai, davinėti
davinėdavo, davinėti
davinėdavome, davinėti
davinėdavote, davinėti
davinėsiu, davinėti
davinėsi, davinėti
davinės, davinėti
davinėsime, davinėti
davinėsite, davinėti
davinėčiau, davinėti
davinėtum(ei), davinėti
davinėtų, davinėti
davinėtu(mė)me, davinėti
davinėtu(mė)te, davinėti
dažyti, dažyti
dažau, dažyti
dažai, dažyti
dažo, dažyti
dažome, dažyti
dažote, dažyti
dažyk, dažyti
dažykite, dažyti
dažykime, dažyti
dažiau, dažyti
dažei, dažyti
dažė, dažyti
dažėme, dažyti
dažėte, dažyti
dažydavau, dažyti
dažydavai, dažyti
dažydavo, dažyti
dažydavome, dažyti
dažydavote, dažyti
dažysiu, dažyti
dažysi, dažyti
dažys, dažyti
dažysime, dažyti
dažysite, dažyti
dažyčiau, dažyti
dažytum(ei), dažyti
dažytų, dažyti
dažytu(mė)me, dažyti
dažytu(mė)te, dažyti
deaktivuoti, deaktivuoti
deaktyvuoju, deaktivuoti
deaktyvuoji, deaktivuoti
deaktyvuoja, deaktivuoti
deaktyvuojame, deaktivuoti
deaktyvuojate, deaktivuoti
deaktivuok, deaktivuoti
deaktivuokite, deaktivuoti
deaktivuokime, deaktivuoti
deaktyvavau, deaktivuoti
deaktyvavai, deaktivuoti
deaktyvavo, deaktivuoti
deaktyvavome, deaktivuoti
deaktyvavote, deaktivuoti
deaktivuodavau, deaktivuoti
deaktivuodavai, deaktivuoti
deaktivuodavo, deaktivuoti
deaktivuodavome, deaktivuoti
deaktivuodavote, deaktivuoti
deaktivuosiu, deaktivuoti
deaktivuosi, deaktivuoti
deaktivuos, deaktivuoti
deaktivuosime, deaktivuoti
deaktivuosite, deaktivuoti
deaktivuočiau, deaktivuoti
deaktivuotum(ei), deaktivuoti
deaktivuotų, deaktivuoti
deaktivuotu(mė)me, deaktivuoti
deaktivuotu(mė)te, deaktivuoti
dedikuoti, dedikuoti
dedikuoju, dedikuoti
dedikuoji, dedikuoti
dedikuoja, dedikuoti
dedikuojame, dedikuoti
dedikuojate, dedikuoti
dedikuok, dedikuoti
dedikuokite, dedikuoti
dedikuokime, dedikuoti
dedikavau, dedikuoti
dedikavai, dedikuoti
dedikavo, dedikuoti
dedikavome, dedikuoti
dedikavote, dedikuoti
dedikuodavau, dedikuoti
dedikuodavai, dedikuoti
dedikuodavo, dedikuoti
dedikuodavome, dedikuoti
dedikuodavote, dedikuoti
dedikuosiu, dedikuoti
dedikuosi, dedikuoti
dedikuos, dedikuoti
dedikuosime, dedikuoti
dedikuosite, dedikuoti
dedikuočiau, dedikuoti
dedikuotum(ei), dedikuoti
dedikuotų, dedikuoti
dedikuotu(mė)me, dedikuoti
dedikuotu(mė)te, dedikuoti
deginti, deginti
deginu, deginti
degini, deginti
degina, deginti
deginame, deginti
deginate, deginti
degink, deginti
deginkite, deginti
deginkime, deginti
deginau, deginti
deginai, deginti
degino, deginti
deginome, deginti
deginote, deginti
degindavau, deginti
degindavai, deginti
degindavo, deginti
degindavome, deginti
degindavote, deginti
deginsiu, deginti
deginsi, deginti
degins, deginti
deginsime, deginti
deginsite, deginti
deginčiau, deginti
degintum(ei), deginti
degintų, deginti
degintu(mė)me, deginti
degintu(mė)te, deginti
degti, degti
degu, degti
degi, degti
dega, degti
degame, degti
degate, degti
dek, degti
dekite, degti
dekime, degti
degiau, degti
degei, degti
degė, degti
degėme, degti
degėte, degti
degdavau, degti
degdavai, degti
degdavo, degti
degdavome, degti
degdavote, degti
degsiu, degti
degsi, degti
degs, degti
degsime, degti
degsite, degti
degčiau, degti
degtum(ei), degti
degtų, degti
degtu(mė)me, degti
degtu(mė)te, degti
dejuoti, dejuoti
dejuoju, dejuoti
dejuoji, dejuoti
dejuoja, dejuoti
dejuojame, dejuoti
dejuojate, dejuoti
dejuok, dejuoti
dejuokite, dejuoti
dejuokime, dejuoti
dejavau, dejuoti
dejavai, dejuoti
dejavo, dejuoti
dejavome, dejuoti
dejavote, dejuoti
dejuodavau, dejuoti
dejuodavai, dejuoti
dejuodavo, dejuoti
dejuodavome, dejuoti
dejuodavote, dejuoti
dejuosiu, dejuoti
dejuosi, dejuoti
dejuos, dejuoti
dejuosime, dejuoti
dejuosite, dejuoti
dejuočiau, dejuoti
dejuotum(ei), dejuoti
dejuotų, dejuoti
dejuotu(mė)me, dejuoti
dejuotu(mė)te, dejuoti
deklaruoti, deklaruoti
deklaruoju, deklaruoti
deklaruoji, deklaruoti
deklaruoja, deklaruoti
deklaruojame, deklaruoti
deklaruojate, deklaruoti
deklaruok, deklaruoti
deklaruokite, deklaruoti
deklaruokime, deklaruoti
deklaravau, deklaruoti
deklaravai, deklaruoti
deklaravo, deklaruoti
deklaravome, deklaruoti
deklaravote, deklaruoti
deklaruodavau, deklaruoti
deklaruodavai, deklaruoti
deklaruodavo, deklaruoti
deklaruodavome, deklaruoti
deklaruodavote, deklaruoti
deklaruosiu, deklaruoti
deklaruosi, deklaruoti
deklaruos, deklaruoti
deklaruosime, deklaruoti
deklaruosite, deklaruoti
deklaruočiau, deklaruoti
deklaruotum(ei), deklaruoti
deklaruotų, deklaruoti
deklaruotu(mė)me, deklaruoti
deklaruotu(mė)te, deklaruoti
dekoruoti, dekoruoti
dekoruoju, dekoruoti
dekoruoji, dekoruoti
dekoruoja, dekoruoti
dekoruojame, dekoruoti
dekoruojate, dekoruoti
dekoruok, dekoruoti
dekoruokite, dekoruoti
dekoruokime, dekoruoti
dekoravau, dekoruoti
dekoravai, dekoruoti
dekoravo, dekoruoti
dekoravome, dekoruoti
dekoravote, dekoruoti
dekoruodavau, dekoruoti
dekoruodavai, dekoruoti
dekoruodavo, dekoruoti
dekoruodavome, dekoruoti
dekoruodavote, dekoruoti
dekoruosiu, dekoruoti
dekoruosi, dekoruoti
dekoruos, dekoruoti
dekoruosime, dekoruoti
dekoruosite, dekoruoti
dekoruočiau, dekoruoti
dekoruotum(ei), dekoruoti
dekoruotų, dekoruoti
dekoruotu(mė)me, dekoruoti
dekoruotu(mė)te, dekoruoti
dėkoti, dėkoti
dėkoju, dėkoti
dėkoji, dėkoti
dėkoja, dėkoti
dėkojame, dėkoti
dėkojate, dėkoti
dėkok, dėkoti
dėkokite, dėkoti
dėkokime, dėkoti
dėkojau, dėkoti
dėkojai, dėkoti
dėkojo, dėkoti
dėkojome, dėkoti
dėkojote, dėkoti
dėkodavau, dėkoti
dėkodavai, dėkoti
dėkodavo, dėkoti
dėkodavome, dėkoti
dėkodavote, dėkoti
dėkosiu, dėkoti
dėkosi, dėkoti
dėkos, dėkoti
dėkosime, dėkoti
dėkosite, dėkoti
dėkočiau, dėkoti
dėkotum(ei), dėkoti
dėkotų, dėkoti
dėkotu(mė)me, dėkoti
dėkotu(mė)te, dėkoti
dėlioti, dėlioti
dėlioju, dėlioti
dėlioji, dėlioti
dėlioja, dėlioti
dėliojame, dėlioti
dėliojate, dėlioti
dėliok, dėlioti
dėliokite, dėlioti
dėliokime, dėlioti
dėliojau, dėlioti
dėliojai, dėlioti
dėliojo, dėlioti
dėliojome, dėlioti
dėliojote, dėlioti
dėliodavau, dėlioti
dėliodavai, dėlioti
dėliodavo, dėlioti
dėliodavome, dėlioti
dėliodavote, dėlioti
dėliosiu, dėlioti
dėliosi, dėlioti
dėlios, dėlioti
dėliosime, dėlioti
dėliosite, dėlioti
dėliočiau, dėlioti
dėliotum(ei), dėlioti
dėliotų, dėlioti
dėliotu(mė)me, dėlioti
dėliotu(mė)te, dėlioti
delsti, delsti
delsiu, delsti
delsi, delsti
delsia, delsti
delsiame, delsti
delsiate, delsti
delsk, delsti
delskite, delsti
delskime, delsti
delsiau, delsti
delsei, delsti
delsė, delsti
delsėme, delsti
delsėte, delsti
delsdavau, delsti
delsdavai, delsti
delsdavo, delsti
delsdavome, delsti
delsdavote, delsti
delsiu, delsti
delsi, delsti
dels, delsti
delsime, delsti
delsite, delsti
delsčiau, delsti
delstum(ei), delsti
delstų, delsti
delstu(mė)me, delsti
delstu(mė)te, delsti
dėmėti, dėmėti
dėmėju, dėmėti
dėmėji, dėmėti
dėmėja, dėmėti
dėmėjame, dėmėti
dėmėjate, dėmėti
dėmėk, dėmėti
dėmėkite, dėmėti
dėmėkime, dėmėti
dėmėjau, dėmėti
dėmėjai, dėmėti
dėmėjo, dėmėti
dėmėjome, dėmėti
dėmėjote, dėmėti
dėmėdavau, dėmėti
dėmėdavai, dėmėti
dėmėdavo, dėmėti
dėmėdavome, dėmėti
dėmėdavote, dėmėti
dėmėsiu, dėmėti
dėmėsi, dėmėti
dėmės, dėmėti
dėmėsime, dėmėti
dėmėsite, dėmėti
dėmėčiau, dėmėti
dėmėtum(ei), dėmėti
dėmėtų, dėmėti
dėmėtu(mė)me, dėmėti
dėmėtu(mė)te, dėmėti
demonstruoti, demonstruoti
demonstruoju, demonstruoti
demonstruoji, demonstruoti
demonstruoja, demonstruoti
demonstruojame, demonstruoti
demonstruojate, demonstruoti
demonstruok, demonstruoti
demonstruokite, demonstruoti
demonstruokime, demonstruoti
demonstravau, demonstruoti
demonstravai, demonstruoti
demonstravo, demonstruoti
demonstravome, demonstruoti
demonstravote, demonstruoti
demonstruodavau, demonstruoti
demonstruodavai, demonstruoti
demonstruodavo, demonstruoti
demonstruodavome, demonstruoti
demonstruodavote, demonstruoti
demonstruosiu, demonstruoti
demonstruosi, demonstruoti
demonstruos, demonstruoti
demonstruosime, demonstruoti
demonstruosite, demonstruoti
demonstruočiau, demonstruoti
demonstruotum(ei), demonstruoti
demonstruotų, demonstruoti
demonstruotu(mė)me, demonstruoti
demonstruotu(mė)te, demonstruoti
dengti, dengti
dengiu, dengti
dengi, dengti
dengia, dengti
dengiame, dengti
dengiate, dengti
denk, dengti
denkite, dengti
denkime, dengti
dengiau, dengti
dengei, dengti
dengė, dengti
dengėme, dengti
dengėte, dengti
dengdavau, dengti
dengdavai, dengti
dengdavo, dengti
dengdavome, dengti
dengdavote, dengti
dengsiu, dengti
dengsi, dengti
dengs, dengti
dengsime, dengti
dengsite, dengti
dengčiau, dengti
dengtum(ei), dengti
dengtų, dengti
dengtu(mė)me, dengti
dengtu(mė)te, dengti
deportuoti, deportuoti
deportuoju, deportuoti
deportuoji, deportuoti
deportuoja, deportuoti
deportuojame, deportuoti
deportuojate, deportuoti
deportuok, deportuoti
deportuokite, deportuoti
deportuokime, deportuoti
deportavau, deportuoti
deportavai, deportuoti
deportavo, deportuoti
deportavome, deportuoti
deportavote, deportuoti
deportuodavau, deportuoti
deportuodavai, deportuoti
deportuodavo, deportuoti
deportuodavome, deportuoti
deportuodavote, deportuoti
deportuosiu, deportuoti
deportuosi, deportuoti
deportuos, deportuoti
deportuosime, deportuoti
deportuosite, deportuoti
deportuočiau, deportuoti
deportuotum(ei), deportuoti
deportuotų, deportuoti
deportuotu(mė)me, deportuoti
deportuotu(mė)te, deportuoti
derėti, derėti
deru, derėti
deri, derėti
dera, derėti
derame, derėti
derate, derėti
derėk, derėti
derėkite, derėti
derėkime, derėti
derėjau, derėti
derėjai, derėti
derėjo, derėti
derėjome, derėti
derėjote, derėti
derėdavau, derėti
derėdavai, derėti
derėdavo, derėti
derėdavome, derėti
derėdavote, derėti
derėsiu, derėti
derėsi, derėti
derės, derėti
derėsime, derėti
derėsite, derėti
derėčiau, derėti
derėtum(ei), derėti
derėtų, derėti
derėtu(mė)me, derėti
derėtu(mė)te, derėti
dergti, dergti
dergiu, dergti
dergi, dergti
dergia, dergti
dergiame, dergti
dergiate, dergti
derk, dergti
derkite, dergti
derkime, dergti
dergiau, dergti
dergei, dergti
dergė, dergti
dergėme, dergti
dergėte, dergti
dergdavau, dergti
dergdavai, dergti
dergdavo, dergti
dergdavome, dergti
dergdavote, dergti
dergsiu, dergti
dergsi, dergti
dergs, dergti
dergsime, dergti
dergsite, dergti
dergčiau, dergti
dergtum(ei), dergti
dergtų, dergti
dergtu(mė)me, dergti
dergtu(mė)te, dergti
derinti, derinti
derinu, derinti
derini, derinti
derina, derinti
deriname, derinti
derinate, derinti
derink, derinti
derinkite, derinti
derinkime, derinti
derinau, derinti
derinai, derinti
derino, derinti
derinome, derinti
derinote, derinti
derindavau, derinti
derindavai, derinti
derindavo, derinti
derindavome, derinti
derindavote, derinti
derinsiu, derinti
derinsi, derinti
derins, derinti
derinsime, derinti
derinsite, derinti
derinčiau, derinti
derintum(ei), derinti
derintų, derinti
derintu(mė)me, derinti
derintu(mė)te, derinti
dėstyti, dėstyti
dėstau, dėstyti
dėstai, dėstyti
dėsto, dėstyti
dėstome, dėstyti
dėstote, dėstyti
dėstyk, dėstyti
dėstykite, dėstyti
dėstykime, dėstyti
dėstei, dėstyti
dėstė, dėstyti
dėstėme, dėstyti
dėstėte, dėstyti
dėstydavau, dėstyti
dėstydavai, dėstyti
dėstydavo, dėstyti
dėstydavome, dėstyti
dėstydavote, dėstyti
dėstysiu, dėstyti
dėstysi, dėstyti
dėstys, dėstyti
dėstysime, dėstyti
dėstysite, dėstyti
dėstyčiau, dėstyti
dėstytum(ei), dėstyti
dėstytų, dėstyti
dėstytu(mė)me, dėstyti
dėstytu(mė)te, dėstyti
dėti, dėti
dedžu, dėti
dedi, dėti
deda, dėti
dedame, dėti
dedate, dėti
dėk, dėti
dėkite, dėti
dėkime, dėti
dėjau, dėti
dėjai, dėti
dėjo, dėti
dėjome, dėti
dėjote, dėti
dėdavau, dėti
dėdavai, dėti
dėdavo, dėti
dėdavome, dėti
dėdavote, dėti
dėsiu, dėti
dėsi, dėti
dės, dėti
dėsime, dėti
dėsite, dėti
dėčiau, dėti
dėtum(ei), dėti
dėtų, dėti
dėtu(mė)me, dėti
dėtu(mė)te, dėti
devalvuoti, devalvuoti
devalvuoju, devalvuoti
devalvuoji, devalvuoti
devalvuoja, devalvuoti
devalvuojame, devalvuoti
devalvuojate, devalvuoti
devalvuok, devalvuoti
devalvuokite, devalvuoti
devalvuokime, devalvuoti
devalvavau, devalvuoti
devalvavai, devalvuoti
devalvavo, devalvuoti
devalvavome, devalvuoti
devalvavote, devalvuoti
devalvuodavau, devalvuoti
devalvuodavai, devalvuoti
devalvuodavo, devalvuoti
devalvuodavome, devalvuoti
devalvuodavote, devalvuoti
devalvuosiu, devalvuoti
devalvuosi, devalvuoti
devalvuos, devalvuoti
devalvuosime, devalvuoti
devalvuosite, devalvuoti
devalvuočiau, devalvuoti
devalvuotum(ei), devalvuoti
devalvuotų, devalvuoti
devalvuotu(mė)me, devalvuoti
devalvuotu(mė)te, devalvuoti
dėvėti, dėvėti
dėviu, dėvėti
dėvi, dėvėti
dėvi, dėvėti
dėvime, dėvėti
dėvite, dėvėti
dėvėk, dėvėti
dėvėkite, dėvėti
dėvėkime, dėvėti
dėvėjau, dėvėti
dėvėjai, dėvėti
dėvėjo, dėvėti
dėvėjome, dėvėti
dėvėjote, dėvėti
dėvėdavau, dėvėti
dėvėdavai, dėvėti
dėvėdavo, dėvėti
dėvėdavome, dėvėti
dėvėdavote, dėvėti
dėvėsiu, dėvėti
dėvėsi, dėvėti
dėvės, dėvėti
dėvėsime, dėvėti
dėvėsite, dėvėti
dėvėčiau, dėvėti
dėvėtum(ei), dėvėti
dėvėtų, dėvėti
dėvėtu(mė)me, dėvėti
dėvėtu(mė)te, dėvėti
diagnozuoti, diagnozuoti
diagnozuoju, diagnozuoti
diagnozuoji, diagnozuoti
diagnozuoja, diagnozuoti
diagnozuojame, diagnozuoti
diagnozuojate, diagnozuoti
diagnozuok, diagnozuoti
diagnozuokite, diagnozuoti
diagnozuokime, diagnozuoti
diagnozavau, diagnozuoti
diagnozavai, diagnozuoti
diagnozavo, diagnozuoti
diagnozavome, diagnozuoti
diagnozavote, diagnozuoti
diagnozuodavau, diagnozuoti
diagnozuodavai, diagnozuoti
diagnozuodavo, diagnozuoti
diagnozuodavome, diagnozuoti
diagnozuodavote, diagnozuoti
diagnozuosiu, diagnozuoti
diagnozuosi, diagnozuoti
diagnozuos, diagnozuoti
diagnozuosime, diagnozuoti
diagnozuosite, diagnozuoti
diagnozuočiau, diagnozuoti
diagnozuotum(ei), diagnozuoti
diagnozuotų, diagnozuoti
diagnozuotu(mė)me, diagnozuoti
diagnozuotu(mė)te, diagnozuoti
didėti, didėti
didėju, didėti
didėji, didėti
didėja, didėti
didėjame, didėti
didėjate, didėti
didėk, didėti
didėkite, didėti
didėkime, didėti
didėjau, didėti
didėjai, didėti
didėjo, didėti
didėjome, didėti
didėjote, didėti
didėdavau, didėti
didėdavai, didėti
didėdavo, didėti
didėdavome, didėti
didėdavote, didėti
didėsiu, didėti
didėsi, didėti
didės, didėti
didėsime, didėti
didėsite, didėti
didėčiau, didėti
didėtum(ei), didėti
didėtų, didėti
didėtu(mė)me, didėti
didėtu(mė)te, didėti
didinti, didinti
didinu, didinti
didini, didinti
didina, didinti
didiname, didinti
didinate, didinti
didink, didinti
didinkite, didinti
didinkime, didinti
didinau, didinti
didinai, didinti
didino, didinti
didinome, didinti
didinote, didinti
didindavau, didinti
didindavai, didinti
didindavo, didinti
didindavome, didinti
didindavote, didinti
didinsiu, didinti
didinsi, didinti
didins, didinti
didinsime, didinti
didinsite, didinti
didinčiau, didinti
didintum(ei), didinti
didintų, didinti
didintu(mė)me, didinti
didintu(mė)te, didinti
dienoti, dienoti
dienoju, dienoti
dienoji, dienoti
dienoja, dienoti
dienojame, dienoti
dienojate, dienoti
dienok, dienoti
dienokite, dienoti
dienokime, dienoti
dienojau, dienoti
dienojai, dienoti
dienojo, dienoti
dienojome, dienoti
dienojote, dienoti
dienodavau, dienoti
dienodavai, dienoti
dienodavo, dienoti
dienodavome, dienoti
dienodavote, dienoti
dienosiu, dienoti
dienosi, dienoti
dienos, dienoti
dienosime, dienoti
dienosite, dienoti
dienočiau, dienoti
dienotum(ei), dienoti
dienotų, dienoti
dienotu(mė)me, dienoti
dienotu(mė)te, dienoti
dievinti, dievinti
dievinu, dievinti
dievini, dievinti
dievina, dievinti
dieviname, dievinti
dievinate, dievinti
dievink, dievinti
dievinkite, dievinti
dievinkime, dievinti
dievinau, dievinti
dievinai, dievinti
dievino, dievinti
dievinome, dievinti
dievinote, dievinti
dievindavau, dievinti
dievindavai, dievinti
dievindavo, dievinti
dievindavome, dievinti
dievindavote, dievinti
dievinsiu, dievinti
dievinsi, dievinti
dievins, dievinti
dievinsime, dievinti
dievinsite, dievinti
dievinčiau, dievinti
dievintum(ei), dievinti
dievintų, dievinti
dievintu(mė)me, dievinti
dievintu(mė)te, dievinti
diktuoti, diktuoti
diktuoju, diktuoti
diktuoji, diktuoti
diktuoja, diktuoti
diktuojame, diktuoti
diktuojate, diktuoti
diktuok, diktuoti
diktuokite, diktuoti
diktuokime, diktuoti
diktavau, diktuoti
diktavai, diktuoti
diktavo, diktuoti
diktavome, diktuoti
diktavote, diktuoti
diktuodavau, diktuoti
diktuodavai, diktuoti
diktuodavo, diktuoti
diktuodavome, diktuoti
diktuodavote, diktuoti
diktuosiu, diktuoti
diktuosi, diktuoti
diktuos, diktuoti
diktuosime, diktuoti
diktuosite, diktuoti
diktuočiau, diktuoti
diktuotum(ei), diktuoti
diktuotų, diktuoti
diktuotu(mė)me, diktuoti
diktuotu(mė)te, diktuoti
dilti, dilti
dylu, dilti
dyli, dilti
dyla, dilti
dylame, dilti
dylate, dilti
dilk, dilti
dilkite, dilti
dilkime, dilti
dilau, dilti
dilai, dilti
dilo, dilti
dilome, dilti
dilote, dilti
dildavau, dilti
dildavai, dilti
dildavo, dilti
dildavome, dilti
dildavote, dilti
dilsiu, dilti
dilsi, dilti
dils, dilti
dilsime, dilti
dilsite, dilti
dilčiau, dilti
diltum(ei), dilti
diltų, dilti
diltu(mė)me, dilti
diltu(mė)te, dilti
dingti, dingti
dingstu, dingti
dingsti, dingti
dingsta, dingti
dingstame, dingti
dingstate, dingti
dink, dingti
dinkite, dingti
dinkime, dingti
dingau, dingti
dingai, dingti
dingo, dingti
dingome, dingti
dingote, dingti
dingdavau, dingti
dingdavai, dingti
dingdavo, dingti
dingdavome, dingti
dingdavote, dingti
dingsiu, dingti
dingsi, dingti
dings, dingti
dingsime, dingti
dingsite, dingti
dingčiau, dingti
dingtum(ei), dingti
dingtų, dingti
dingtu(mė)me, dingti
dingtu(mė)te, dingti
dirbinėti, dirbinėti
dirbinėju, dirbinėti
dirbinėji, dirbinėti
dirbinėja, dirbinėti
dirbinėjame, dirbinėti
dirbinėjate, dirbinėti
dirbinėk, dirbinėti
dirbinėkite, dirbinėti
dirbinėkime, dirbinėti
dirbinėjau, dirbinėti
dirbinėjai, dirbinėti
dirbinėjo, dirbinėti
dirbinėjome, dirbinėti
dirbinėjote, dirbinėti
dirbinėdavau, dirbinėti
dirbinėdavai, dirbinėti
dirbinėdavo, dirbinėti
dirbinėdavome, dirbinėti
dirbinėdavote, dirbinėti
dirbinėsiu, dirbinėti
dirbinėsi, dirbinėti
dirbinės, dirbinėti
dirbinėsime, dirbinėti
dirbinėsite, dirbinėti
dirbinėčiau, dirbinėti
dirbinėtum(ei), dirbinėti
dirbinėtų, dirbinėti
dirbinėtu(mė)me, dirbinėti
dirbinėtu(mė)te, dirbinėti
dirbti, dirbti
dirbu, dirbti
dirbi, dirbti
dirba, dirbti
dirbame, dirbti
dirbate, dirbti
dirbk, dirbti
dirbkite, dirbti
dirbkime, dirbti
dirbau, dirbti
dirbai, dirbti
dirbo, dirbti
dirbome, dirbti
dirbote, dirbti
dirbdavau, dirbti
dirbdavai, dirbti
dirbdavo, dirbti
dirbdavome, dirbti
dirbdavote, dirbti
dirbsiu, dirbti
dirbsi, dirbti
dirbs, dirbti
dirbsime, dirbti
dirbsite, dirbti
dirbčiau, dirbti
dirbtum(ei), dirbti
dirbtų, dirbti
dirbtu(mė)me, dirbti
dirbtu(mė)te, dirbti
direktoriauti, direktoriauti
direktoriauju, direktoriauti
direktoriauji, direktoriauti
direktoriauja, direktoriauti
direktoriaujame, direktoriauti
direktoriaujate, direktoriauti
direktoriauk, direktoriauti
direktoriaukite, direktoriauti
direktoriaukime, direktoriauti
direktoriavau, direktoriauti
direktoriavai, direktoriauti
direktoriavo, direktoriauti
direktoriavome, direktoriauti
direktoriavote, direktoriauti
direktoriaudavau, direktoriauti
direktoriaudavai, direktoriauti
direktoriaudavo, direktoriauti
direktoriaudavome, direktoriauti
direktoriaudavote, direktoriauti
direktoriausiu, direktoriauti
direktoriausi, direktoriauti
direktoriaus, direktoriauti
direktoriausime, direktoriauti
direktoriausite, direktoriauti
direktoriaučiau, direktoriauti
direktoriautum(ei), direktoriauti
direktoriautų, direktoriauti
direktoriautu(mė)me, direktoriauti
direktoriautu(mė)te, direktoriauti
dirginti, dirginti
dirginu, dirginti
dirgini, dirginti
dirgina, dirginti
dirginame, dirginti
dirginate, dirginti
dirgink, dirginti
dirginkite, dirginti
dirginkime, dirginti
dirginau, dirginti
dirginai, dirginti
dirgino, dirginti
dirginome, dirginti
dirginote, dirginti
dirgindavau, dirginti
dirgindavai, dirginti
dirgindavo, dirginti
dirgindavome, dirginti
dirgindavote, dirginti
dirginsiu, dirginti
dirginsi, dirginti
dirgins, dirginti
dirginsime, dirginti
dirginsite, dirginti
dirginčiau, dirginti
dirgintum(ei), dirginti
dirgintų, dirginti
dirgintu(mė)me, dirginti
dirgintu(mė)te, dirginti
dirgti, dirgti
dirgstu, dirgti
dirgsti, dirgti
dirgsta, dirgti
dirgstame, dirgti
dirgstate, dirgti
dirk, dirgti
dirkite, dirgti
dirkime, dirgti
dirgau, dirgti
dirgai, dirgti
dirgo, dirgti
dirgome, dirgti
dirgote, dirgti
dirgdavau, dirgti
dirgdavai, dirgti
dirgdavo, dirgti
dirgdavome, dirgti
dirgdavote, dirgti
dirgsiu, dirgti
dirgsi, dirgti
dirgs, dirgti
dirgsime, dirgti
dirgsite, dirgti
dirgčiau, dirgti
dirgtum(ei), dirgti
dirgtų, dirgti
dirgtu(mė)me, dirgti
dirgtu(mė)te, dirgti
diriguoti, diriguoti
diriguoju, diriguoti
diriguoji, diriguoti
diriguoja, diriguoti
diriguojame, diriguoti
diriguojate, diriguoti
diriguok, diriguoti
diriguokite, diriguoti
diriguokime, diriguoti
dirigavau, diriguoti
dirigavai, diriguoti
dirigavo, diriguoti
dirigavome, diriguoti
dirigavote, diriguoti
diriguodavau, diriguoti
diriguodavai, diriguoti
diriguodavo, diriguoti
diriguodavome, diriguoti
diriguodavote, diriguoti
diriguosiu, diriguoti
diriguosi, diriguoti
diriguos, diriguoti
diriguosime, diriguoti
diriguosite, diriguoti
diriguočiau, diriguoti
diriguotum(ei), diriguoti
diriguotų, diriguoti
diriguotu(mė)me, diriguoti
diriguotu(mė)te, diriguoti
dirstelėti, dirstelėti
dirstelėju, dirstelėti
dirstelėji, dirstelėti
dirstelėja, dirstelėti
dirstelėjame, dirstelėti
dirstelėjate, dirstelėti
dirstelėk, dirstelėti
dirstelėkite, dirstelėti
dirstelėkime, dirstelėti
dirstelėjau, dirstelėti
dirstelėjai, dirstelėti
dirstelėjo, dirstelėti
dirstelėjome, dirstelėti
dirstelėjote, dirstelėti
dirstelėdavau, dirstelėti
dirstelėdavai, dirstelėti
dirstelėdavo, dirstelėti
dirstelėdavome, dirstelėti
dirstelėdavote, dirstelėti
dirstelėsiu, dirstelėti
dirstelėsi, dirstelėti
dirstelės, dirstelėti
dirstelėsime, dirstelėti
dirstelėsite, dirstelėti
dirstelėčiau, dirstelėti
dirstelėtum(ei), dirstelėti
dirstelėtų, dirstelėti
dirstelėtu(mė)me, dirstelėti
dirstelėtu(mė)te, dirstelėti
dirti, dirti
diriu, dirti
diri, dirti
diria, dirti
diriame, dirti
diriate, dirti
dirk, dirti
dirkite, dirti
dirkime, dirti
dyriau, dirti
dyrei, dirti
dyrė, dirti
dyrėme, dirti
dyrėte, dirti
dirdavau, dirti
dirdavai, dirti
dirdavo, dirti
dirdavome, dirti
dirdavote, dirti
dirsiu, dirti
dirsi, dirti
dirs, dirti
dirsime, dirti
dirsite, dirti
dirčiau, dirti
dirtum(ei), dirti
dirtų, dirti
dirtu(mė)me, dirti
dirtu(mė)te, dirti
diskutuoti, diskutuoti
diskutuoju, diskutuoti
diskutuoji, diskutuoti
diskutuoja, diskutuoti
diskutuojame, diskutuoti
diskutuojate, diskutuoti
diskutuok, diskutuoti
diskutuokite, diskutuoti
diskutuokime, diskutuoti
diskutavau, diskutuoti
diskutavai, diskutuoti
diskutavo, diskutuoti
diskutavome, diskutuoti
diskutavote, diskutuoti
diskutuodavau, diskutuoti
diskutuodavai, diskutuoti
diskutuodavo, diskutuoti
diskutuodavome, diskutuoti
diskutuodavote, diskutuoti
diskutuosiu, diskutuoti
diskutuosi, diskutuoti
diskutuos, diskutuoti
diskutuosime, diskutuoti
diskutuosite, diskutuoti
diskutuočiau, diskutuoti
diskutuotum(ei), diskutuoti
diskutuotų, diskutuoti
diskutuotu(mė)me, diskutuoti
diskutuotu(mė)te, diskutuoti
dobti, dobti
dobiu, dobti
dobi, dobti
dobia, dobti
dobiame, dobti
dobiate, dobti
dobk, dobti
dobkite, dobti
dobkime, dobti
dobiau, dobti
dobei, dobti
dobė, dobti
dobėme, dobti
dobėte, dobti
dobdavau, dobti
dobdavai, dobti
dobdavo, dobti
dobdavome, dobti
dobdavote, dobti
dobsiu, dobti
dobsi, dobti
dobs, dobti
dobsime, dobti
dobsite, dobti
dobčiau, dobti
dobtum(ei), dobti
dobtų, dobti
dobtu(mė)me, dobti
dobtu(mė)te, dobti
dominti, dominti
dominu, dominti
domini, dominti
domina, dominti
dominame, dominti
dominate, dominti
domink, dominti
dominkite, dominti
dominkime, dominti
dominau, dominti
dominai, dominti
domino, dominti
dominome, dominti
dominote, dominti
domindavau, dominti
domindavai, dominti
domindavo, dominti
domindavome, dominti
domindavote, dominti
dominsiu, dominti
dominsi, dominti
domins, dominti
dominsime, dominti
dominsite, dominti
dominčiau, dominti
domintum(ei), dominti
domintų, dominti
domintu(mė)me, dominti
domintu(mė)te, dominti
dominuoti, dominuoti
dominuoju, dominuoti
dominuoji, dominuoti
dominuoja, dominuoti
dominuojame, dominuoti
dominuojate, dominuoti
dominuok, dominuoti
dominuokite, dominuoti
dominuokime, dominuoti
dominavau, dominuoti
dominavai, dominuoti
dominavo, dominuoti
dominavome, dominuoti
dominavote, dominuoti
dominuodavau, dominuoti
dominuodavai, dominuoti
dominuodavo, dominuoti
dominuodavome, dominuoti
dominuodavote, dominuoti
dominuosiu, dominuoti
dominuosi, dominuoti
dominuos, dominuoti
dominuosime, dominuoti
dominuosite, dominuoti
dominuočiau, dominuoti
dominuotum(ei), dominuoti
dominuotų, dominuoti
dominuotu(mė)me, dominuoti
dominuotu(mė)te, dominuoti
doroti, doroti
doroju, doroti
doroji, doroti
doroja, doroti
dorojame, doroti
dorojate, doroti
dorok, doroti
dorokite, doroti
dorokime, doroti
dorojau, doroti
dorojai, doroti
dorojo, doroti
dorojome, doroti
dorojote, doroti
dorodavau, doroti
dorodavai, doroti
dorodavo, doroti
dorodavome, doroti
dorodavote, doroti
dorosiu, doroti
dorosi, doroti
doros, doroti
dorosime, doroti
dorosite, doroti
doročiau, doroti
dorotum(ei), doroti
dorotų, doroti
dorotu(mė)me, doroti
dorotu(mė)te, doroti
dovanoti, dovanoti
dovanoju, dovanoti
dovanoji, dovanoti
dovanoja, dovanoti
dovanojame, dovanoti
dovanojate, dovanoti
dovanok, dovanoti
dovanokite, dovanoti
dovanokime, dovanoti
dovanojau, dovanoti
dovanojai, dovanoti
dovanojo, dovanoti
dovanojome, dovanoti
dovanojote, dovanoti
dovanodavau, dovanoti
dovanodavai, dovanoti
dovanodavo, dovanoti
dovanodavome, dovanoti
dovanodavote, dovanoti
dovanosiu, dovanoti
dovanosi, dovanoti
dovanos, dovanoti
dovanosime, dovanoti
dovanosite, dovanoti
dovanočiau, dovanoti
dovanotum(ei), dovanoti
dovanotų, dovanoti
dovanotu(mė)me, dovanoti
dovanotu(mė)te, dovanoti
drabstyti, drabstyti
drabstau, drabstyti
drabstai, drabstyti
drabsto, drabstyti
drabstome, drabstyti
drabstote, drabstyti
drabstyk, drabstyti
drabstykite, drabstyti
drabstykime, drabstyti
drabstei, drabstyti
drabstė, drabstyti
drabstėme, drabstyti
drabstėte, drabstyti
drabstydavau, drabstyti
drabstydavai, drabstyti
drabstydavo, drabstyti
drabstydavome, drabstyti
drabstydavote, drabstyti
drabstysiu, drabstyti
drabstysi, drabstyti
drabstys, drabstyti
drabstysime, drabstyti
drabstysite, drabstyti
drabstyčiau, drabstyti
drabstytum(ei), drabstyti
drabstytų, drabstyti
drabstytu(mė)me, drabstyti
drabstytu(mė)te, drabstyti
dramatizuoti, dramatizuoti
dramatizuoju, dramatizuoti
dramatizuoji, dramatizuoti
dramatizuoja, dramatizuoti
dramatizuojame, dramatizuoti
dramatizuojate, dramatizuoti
dramatizuok, dramatizuoti
dramatizuokite, dramatizuoti
dramatizuokime, dramatizuoti
dramatizavau, dramatizuoti
dramatizavai, dramatizuoti
dramatizavo, dramatizuoti
dramatizavome, dramatizuoti
dramatizavote, dramatizuoti
dramatizuodavau, dramatizuoti
dramatizuodavai, dramatizuoti
dramatizuodavo, dramatizuoti
dramatizuodavome, dramatizuoti
dramatizuodavote, dramatizuoti
dramatizuosiu, dramatizuoti
dramatizuosi, dramatizuoti
dramatizuos, dramatizuoti
dramatizuosime, dramatizuoti
dramatizuosite, dramatizuoti
dramatizuočiau, dramatizuoti
dramatizuotum(ei), dramatizuoti
dramatizuotų, dramatizuoti
dramatizuotu(mė)me, dramatizuoti
dramatizuotu(mė)te, dramatizuoti
drąsinti, drąsinti
drasinu, drąsinti
drasini, drąsinti
drasina, drąsinti
drasiname, drąsinti
drasinate, drąsinti
drąsink, drąsinti
drąsinkite, drąsinti
drąsinkime, drąsinti
drasinau, drąsinti
drasinai, drąsinti
drasino, drąsinti
drasinome, drąsinti
drasinote, drąsinti
drąsindavau, drąsinti
drąsindavai, drąsinti
drąsindavo, drąsinti
drąsindavome, drąsinti
drąsindavote, drąsinti
drąsinsiu, drąsinti
drąsinsi, drąsinti
drąsins, drąsinti
drąsinsime, drąsinti
drąsinsite, drąsinti
drąsinčiau, drąsinti
drąsintum(ei), drąsinti
drąsintų, drąsinti
drąsintu(mė)me, drąsinti
drąsintu(mė)te, drąsinti
drąskyti, drąskyti
drasinu, drąskyti
drasini, drąskyti
drasina, drąskyti
drasiname, drąskyti
drasinate, drąskyti
drąskyk, drąskyti
drąskykite, drąskyti
drąskykime, drąskyti
drasinau, drąskyti
drasinai, drąskyti
drasino, drąskyti
drasinome, drąskyti
drasinote, drąskyti
drąskydavau, drąskyti
drąskydavai, drąskyti
drąskydavo, drąskyti
drąskydavome, drąskyti
drąskydavote, drąskyti
drąskysiu, drąskyti
drąskysi, drąskyti
drąskys, drąskyti
drąskysime, drąskyti
drąskysite, drąskyti
drąskyčiau, drąskyti
drąskytum(ei), drąskyti
drąskytų, drąskyti
drąskytu(mė)me, drąskyti
drąskytu(mė)te, drąskyti
draskyti, draskyti
draskau, draskyti
draskai, draskyti
drasko, draskyti
draskome, draskyti
draskote, draskyti
draskyk, draskyti
draskykite, draskyti
draskykime, draskyti
draskiau, draskyti
draskei, draskyti
draskė, draskyti
draskėme, draskyti
draskėte, draskyti
draskydavau, draskyti
draskydavai, draskyti
draskydavo, draskyti
draskydavome, draskyti
draskydavote, draskyti
draskysiu, draskyti
draskysi, draskyti
draskys, draskyti
draskysime, draskyti
draskysite, draskyti
draskyčiau, draskyti
draskytum(ei), draskyti
draskytų, draskyti
draskytu(mė)me, draskyti
draskytu(mė)te, draskyti
draugauti, draugauti
draugauju, draugauti
draugauji, draugauti
draugauja, draugauti
draugaujame, draugauti
draugaujate, draugauti
draugauk, draugauti
draugaukite, draugauti
draugaukime, draugauti
draugavau, draugauti
draugavai, draugauti
draugavo, draugauti
draugavome, draugauti
draugavote, draugauti
draugaudavau, draugauti
draugaudavai, draugauti
draugaudavo, draugauti
draugaudavome, draugauti
draugaudavote, draugauti
draugausiu, draugauti
draugausi, draugauti
draugaus, draugauti
draugausime, draugauti
draugausite, draugauti
draugaučiau, draugauti
draugautum(ei), draugauti
draugautų, draugauti
draugautu(mė)me, draugauti
draugautu(mė)te, draugauti
drausti, drausti
draudžiu, drausti
draudži, drausti
draudžia, drausti
draudžiame, drausti
draudžiate, drausti
drausk, drausti
drauskite, drausti
drauskime, drausti
draudei, drausti
draudė, drausti
draudėme, drausti
draudėte, drausti
drausdavau, drausti
drausdavai, drausti
drausdavo, drausti
drausdavome, drausti
drausdavote, drausti
drausiu, drausti
drausi, drausti
draus, drausti
drausime, drausti
drausite, drausti
drausčiau, drausti
draustum(ei), drausti
draustų, drausti
draustu(mė)me, drausti
draustu(mė)te, drausti
drebėti, drebėti
drebu, drebėti
drebi, drebėti
dreba, drebėti
drebame, drebėti
drebate, drebėti
drebėk, drebėti
drebėkite, drebėti
drebėkime, drebėti
drebėjau, drebėti
drebėjai, drebėti
drebėjo, drebėti
drebėjome, drebėti
drebėjote, drebėti
drebėdavau, drebėti
drebėdavai, drebėti
drebėdavo, drebėti
drebėdavome, drebėti
drebėdavote, drebėti
drebėsiu, drebėti
drebėsi, drebėti
drebės, drebėti
drebėsime, drebėti
drebėsite, drebėti
drebėčiau, drebėti
drebėtum(ei), drebėti
drebėtų, drebėti
drebėtu(mė)me, drebėti
drebėtu(mė)te, drebėti
drebinti, drebinti
drebinu, drebinti
drebini, drebinti
drebina, drebinti
drebiname, drebinti
drebinate, drebinti
drebink, drebinti
drebinkite, drebinti
drebinkime, drebinti
drebinau, drebinti
drebinai, drebinti
drebino, drebinti
drebinome, drebinti
drebinote, drebinti
drebindavau, drebinti
drebindavai, drebinti
drebindavo, drebinti
drebindavome, drebinti
drebindavote, drebinti
drebinsiu, drebinti
drebinsi, drebinti
drebins, drebinti
drebinsime, drebinti
drebinsite, drebinti
drebinčiau, drebinti
drebintum(ei), drebinti
drebintų, drebinti
drebintu(mė)me, drebinti
drebintu(mė)te, drebinti
drėbti, drėbti
drebiu, drėbti
drebi, drėbti
drebia, drėbti
drebiame, drėbti
drebiate, drėbti
drėbk, drėbti
drėbkite, drėbti
drėbkime, drėbti
drėbiau, drėbti
drėbei, drėbti
drėbė, drėbti
drėbėme, drėbti
drėbėte, drėbti
drėbdavau, drėbti
drėbdavai, drėbti
drėbdavo, drėbti
drėbdavome, drėbti
drėbdavote, drėbti
drėbsiu, drėbti
drėbsi, drėbti
drėbs, drėbti
drėbsime, drėbti
drėbsite, drėbti
drėbčiau, drėbti
drėbtum(ei), drėbti
drėbtų, drėbti
drėbtu(mė)me, drėbti
drėbtu(mė)te, drėbti
drėgti, drėgti
drėgstu, drėgti
drėgsti, drėgti
drėgsta, drėgti
drėgstame, drėgti
drėgstate, drėgti
drėk, drėgti
drėkite, drėgti
drėkime, drėgti
drėgau, drėgti
drėgai, drėgti
drėgo, drėgti
drėgome, drėgti
drėgote, drėgti
drėgdavau, drėgti
drėgdavai, drėgti
drėgdavo, drėgti
drėgdavome, drėgti
drėgdavote, drėgti
drėgsiu, drėgti
drėgsi, drėgti
drėgs, drėgti
drėgsime, drėgti
drėgsite, drėgti
drėgčiau, drėgti
drėgtum(ei), drėgti
drėgtų, drėgti
drėgtu(mė)me, drėgti
drėgtu(mė)te, drėgti
dreifuoti, dreifuoti
dreifuoju, dreifuoti
dreifuoji, dreifuoti
dreifuoja, dreifuoti
dreifuojame, dreifuoti
dreifuojate, dreifuoti
dreifuok, dreifuoti
dreifuokite, dreifuoti
dreifuokime, dreifuoti
dreifavau, dreifuoti
dreifavai, dreifuoti
dreifavo, dreifuoti
dreifavome, dreifuoti
dreifavote, dreifuoti
dreifuodavau, dreifuoti
dreifuodavai, dreifuoti
dreifuodavo, dreifuoti
dreifuodavome, dreifuoti
dreifuodavote, dreifuoti
dreifuosiu, dreifuoti
dreifuosi, dreifuoti
dreifuos, dreifuoti
dreifuosime, dreifuoti
dreifuosite, dreifuoti
dreifuočiau, dreifuoti
dreifuotum(ei), dreifuoti
dreifuotų, dreifuoti
dreifuotu(mė)me, dreifuoti
dreifuotu(mė)te, dreifuoti
drėksti, drėksti
dreskiu, drėksti
dreski, drėksti
dreskia, drėksti
dreskiame, drėksti
dreskiate, drėksti
drėksk, drėksti
drėkskite, drėksti
drėkskime, drėksti
drėskiau, drėksti
drėskei, drėksti
drėskė, drėksti
drėskėme, drėksti
drėskėte, drėksti
drėksdavau, drėksti
drėksdavai, drėksti
drėksdavo, drėksti
drėksdavome, drėksti
drėksdavote, drėksti
drėksiu, drėksti
drėksi, drėksti
drėks, drėksti
drėksime, drėksti
drėksite, drėksti
drėksčiau, drėksti
drėkstum(ei), drėksti
drėkstų, drėksti
drėkstu(mė)me, drėksti
drėkstu(mė)te, drėksti
drėkti, drėkti
drėkstu, drėkti
drėksti, drėkti
drėksta, drėkti
drėkstame, drėkti
drėkstate, drėkti
drėk, drėkti
drėkite, drėkti
drėkime, drėkti
drėkau, drėkti
drėkai, drėkti
drėko, drėkti
drėkome, drėkti
drėkote, drėkti
drėkdavau, drėkti
drėkdavai, drėkti
drėkdavo, drėkti
drėkdavome, drėkti
drėkdavote, drėkti
drėksiu, drėkti
drėksi, drėkti
drėks, drėkti
drėksime, drėkti
drėksite, drėkti
drėkčiau, drėkti
drėktum(ei), drėkti
drėktų, drėkti
drėktu(mė)me, drėkti
drėktu(mė)te, drėkti
dribti, dribti
drimbu, dribti
drimbi, dribti
drimba, dribti
drimbame, dribti
drimbate, dribti
dribk, dribti
dribkite, dribti
dribkime, dribti
dribau, dribti
dribai, dribti
dribo, dribti
dribome, dribti
dribote, dribti
dribdavau, dribti
dribdavai, dribti
dribdavo, dribti
dribdavome, dribti
dribdavote, dribti
dribsiu, dribti
dribsi, dribti
dribs, dribti
dribsime, dribti
dribsite, dribti
dribčiau, dribti
dribtum(ei), dribti
dribtų, dribti
dribtu(mė)me, dribti
dribtu(mė)te, dribti
drįsti, drįsti
drįstu, drįsti
drįsti, drįsti
drįsta, drįsti
drįstame, drįsti
drįstate, drįsti
drįsk, drįsti
drįskite, drįsti
drįskime, drįsti
drįsau, drįsti
drįsai, drįsti
drįso, drįsti
drįsome, drįsti
drįsote, drįsti
drįsdavau, drįsti
drįsdavai, drįsti
drįsdavo, drįsti
drįsdavome, drįsti
drįsdavote, drįsti
drįsiu, drįsti
drįsi, drįsti
drįs, drįsti
drįsime, drįsti
drįsite, drįsti
drįsčiau, drįsti
drįstum(ei), drįsti
drįstų, drįsti
drįstu(mė)me, drįsti
drįstu(mė)te, drįsti
drožti, drožti
drožiu, drožti
droži, drožti
drožia, drožti
drožiame, drožti
drožiate, drožti
drožk, drožti
drožkite, drožti
drožkime, drožti
drožiau, drožti
drožei, drožti
drožė, drožti
drožėme, drožti
drožėte, drožti
droždavau, drožti
droždavai, drožti
droždavo, drožti
droždavome, drožti
droždavote, drožti
drožšiu, drožti
drožši, drožti
drožš, drožti
drožšime, drožti
drožšite, drožti
drožčiau, drožti
drožtum(ei), drožti
drožtų, drožti
drožtu(mė)me, drožti
drožtu(mė)te, drožti
drumsti, drumsti
drumsčiu, drumsti
drumsči, drumsti
drumsčia, drumsti
drumsčiame, drumsti
drumsčiate, drumsti
drumsk, drumsti
drumskite, drumsti
drumskime, drumsti
drumstei, drumsti
drumstė, drumsti
drumstėme, drumsti
drumstėte, drumsti
drumsdavau, drumsti
drumsdavai, drumsti
drumsdavo, drumsti
drumsdavome, drumsti
drumsdavote, drumsti
drumsiu, drumsti
drumsi, drumsti
drums, drumsti
drumsime, drumsti
drumsite, drumsti
drumsčiau, drumsti
drumstum(ei), drumsti
drumstų, drumsti
drumstu(mė)me, drumsti
drumstu(mė)te, drumsti
drybsoti, drybsoti
drybsau, drybsoti
drybsai, drybsoti
drybso, drybsoti
drybsome, drybsoti
drybsote, drybsoti
drybsok, drybsoti
drybsokite, drybsoti
drybsokime, drybsoti
drybsojau, drybsoti
drybsojai, drybsoti
drybsojo, drybsoti
drybsojome, drybsoti
drybsojote, drybsoti
drybsodavau, drybsoti
drybsodavai, drybsoti
drybsodavo, drybsoti
drybsodavome, drybsoti
drybsodavote, drybsoti
drybsosiu, drybsoti
drybsosi, drybsoti
drybsos, drybsoti
drybsosime, drybsoti
drybsosite, drybsoti
drybsočiau, drybsoti
drybsotum(ei), drybsoti
drybsotų, drybsoti
drybsotu(mė)me, drybsoti
drybsotu(mė)te, drybsoti
dubliuoti, dubliuoti
dubliuoju, dubliuoti
dubliuoji, dubliuoti
dubliuoja, dubliuoti
dubliuojame, dubliuoti
dubliuojate, dubliuoti
dubliuok, dubliuoti
dubliuokite, dubliuoti
dubliuokime, dubliuoti
dubliavau, dubliuoti
dubliavai, dubliuoti
dubliavo, dubliuoti
dubliavome, dubliuoti
dubliavote, dubliuoti
dubliuodavau, dubliuoti
dubliuodavai, dubliuoti
dubliuodavo, dubliuoti
dubliuodavome, dubliuoti
dubliuodavote, dubliuoti
dubliuosiu, dubliuoti
dubliuosi, dubliuoti
dubliuos, dubliuoti
dubliuosime, dubliuoti
dubliuosite, dubliuoti
dubliuočiau, dubliuoti
dubliuotum(ei), dubliuoti
dubliuotų, dubliuoti
dubliuotu(mė)me, dubliuoti
dubliuotu(mė)te, dubliuoti
dubti, dubti
dumbu, dubti
dumbi, dubti
dumba, dubti
dumbame, dubti
dumbate, dubti
dubk, dubti
dubkite, dubti
dubkime, dubti
dubau, dubti
dubai, dubti
dubo, dubti
dubome, dubti
dubote, dubti
dubdavau, dubti
dubdavai, dubti
dubdavo, dubti
dubdavome, dubti
dubdavote, dubti
dubsiu, dubti
dubsi, dubti
dubs, dubti
dubsime, dubti
dubsite, dubti
dubčiau, dubti
dubtum(ei), dubti
dubtų, dubti
dubtu(mė)me, dubti
dubtu(mė)te, dubti
dūgzti, dūgzti
dūzgiu, dūgzti
dūzgi, dūgzti
dūzgia, dūgzti
dūzgiame, dūgzti
dūzgiate, dūgzti
dūgzk, dūgzti
dūgzkite, dūgzti
dūgzkime, dūgzti
dūzgiau, dūgzti
dūzgei, dūgzti
dūzgė, dūgzti
dūzgėme, dūgzti
dūzgėte, dūgzti
dūgzdavau, dūgzti
dūgzdavai, dūgzti
dūgzdavo, dūgzti
dūgzdavome, dūgzti
dūgzdavote, dūgzti
dūgzsiu, dūgzti
dūgzsi, dūgzti
dūgzs, dūgzti
dūgzsime, dūgzti
dūgzsite, dūgzti
dūgzčiau, dūgzti
dūgztum(ei), dūgzti
dūgztų, dūgzti
dūgztu(mė)me, dūgzti
dūgztu(mė)te, dūgzti
dūkti, dūkti
dūkstu, dūkti
dūksti, dūkti
dūksta, dūkti
dūkstame, dūkti
dūkstate, dūkti
dūk, dūkti
dūkite, dūkti
dūkime, dūkti
dūkau, dūkti
dūkai, dūkti
dūko, dūkti
dūkome, dūkti
dūkote, dūkti
dūkdavau, dūkti
dūkdavai, dūkti
dūkdavo, dūkti
dūkdavome, dūkti
dūkdavote, dūkti
dūksiu, dūkti
dūksi, dūkti
dūks, dūkti
dūksime, dūkti
dūksite, dūkti
dūkčiau, dūkti
dūktum(ei), dūkti
dūktų, dūkti
dūktu(mė)me, dūkti
dūktu(mė)te, dūkti
dulkinti, dulkinti
dulkinu, dulkinti
dulkini, dulkinti
dulkina, dulkinti
dulkiname, dulkinti
dulkinate, dulkinti
dulkink, dulkinti
dulkinkite, dulkinti
dulkinkime, dulkinti
dulkinau, dulkinti
dulkinai, dulkinti
dulkino, dulkinti
dulkinome, dulkinti
dulkinote, dulkinti
dulkindavau, dulkinti
dulkindavai, dulkinti
dulkindavo, dulkinti
dulkindavome, dulkinti
dulkindavote, dulkinti
dulkinsiu, dulkinti
dulkinsi, dulkinti
dulkins, dulkinti
dulkinsime, dulkinti
dulkinsite, dulkinti
dulkinčiau, dulkinti
dulkintum(ei), dulkinti
dulkintų, dulkinti
dulkintu(mė)me, dulkinti
dulkintu(mė)te, dulkinti
dulksnoti, dulksnoti
dulksnoju, dulksnoti
dulksnoji, dulksnoti
dulksnoja, dulksnoti
dulksnojame, dulksnoti
dulksnojate, dulksnoti
dulksnok, dulksnoti
dulksnokite, dulksnoti
dulksnokime, dulksnoti
dulksnojau, dulksnoti
dulksnojai, dulksnoti
dulksnojo, dulksnoti
dulksnojome, dulksnoti
dulksnojote, dulksnoti
dulksnodavau, dulksnoti
dulksnodavai, dulksnoti
dulksnodavo, dulksnoti
dulksnodavome, dulksnoti
dulksnodavote, dulksnoti
dulksnosiu, dulksnoti
dulksnosi, dulksnoti
dulksnos, dulksnoti
dulksnosime, dulksnoti
dulksnosite, dulksnoti
dulksnočiau, dulksnoti
dulksnotum(ei), dulksnoti
dulksnotų, dulksnoti
dulksnotu(mė)me, dulksnoti
dulksnotu(mė)te, dulksnoti
dumti, dumti
dumiu, dumti
dumi, dumti
dumia, dumti
dumiame, dumti
dumiate, dumti
dumk, dumti
dumkite, dumti
dumkime, dumti
dūmiau, dumti
dūmei, dumti
dūmė, dumti
dūmėme, dumti
dūmėte, dumti
dumdavau, dumti
dumdavai, dumti
dumdavo, dumti
dumdavome, dumti
dumdavote, dumti
dumsiu, dumti
dumsi, dumti
dums, dumti
dumsime, dumti
dumsite, dumti
dumčiau, dumti
dumtum(ei), dumti
dumtų, dumti
dumtu(mė)me, dumti
dumtu(mė)te, dumti
dundėti, dundėti
dundžu, dundėti
dundi, dundėti
dunda, dundėti
dundame, dundėti
dundate, dundėti
dundėk, dundėti
dundėkite, dundėti
dundėkime, dundėti
dundėjau, dundėti
dundėjai, dundėti
dundėjo, dundėti
dundėjome, dundėti
dundėjote, dundėti
dundėdavau, dundėti
dundėdavai, dundėti
dundėdavo, dundėti
dundėdavome, dundėti
dundėdavote, dundėti
dundėsiu, dundėti
dundėsi, dundėti
dundės, dundėti
dundėsime, dundėti
dundėsite, dundėti
dundėčiau, dundėti
dundėtum(ei), dundėti
dundėtų, dundėti
dundėtu(mė)me, dundėti
dundėtu(mė)te, dundėti
duoti, duoti
duodžu, duoti
duodi, duoti
duoda, duoti
duodame, duoti
duodate, duoti
duok, duoti
duokite, duoti
duokime, duoti
daviau, duoti
davei, duoti
davė, duoti
davėme, duoti
davėte, duoti
duodavau, duoti
duodavai, duoti
duodavo, duoti
duodavome, duoti
duodavote, duoti
duosiu, duoti
duosi, duoti
duos, duoti
duosime, duoti
duosite, duoti
duočiau, duoti
duotum(ei), duoti
duotų, duoti
duotu(mė)me, duoti
duotu(mė)te, duoti
durti, durti
duriu, durti
duri, durti
duria, durti
duriame, durti
duriate, durti
durk, durti
durkite, durti
durkime, durti
dūriau, durti
dūrei, durti
dūrė, durti
dūrėme, durti
dūrėte, durti
durdavau, durti
durdavai, durti
durdavo, durti
durdavome, durti
durdavote, durti
dursiu, durti
dursi, durti
durs, durti
dursime, durti
dursite, durti
durčiau, durti
durtum(ei), durti
durtų, durti
durtu(mė)me, durti
durtu(mė)te, durti
dūsauti, dūsauti
dūsauju, dūsauti
dūsauji, dūsauti
dūsauja, dūsauti
dūsaujame, dūsauti
dūsaujate, dūsauti
dūsauk, dūsauti
dūsaukite, dūsauti
dūsaukime, dūsauti
dūsavau, dūsauti
dūsavai, dūsauti
dūsavo, dūsauti
dūsavome, dūsauti
dūsavote, dūsauti
dūsaudavau, dūsauti
dūsaudavai, dūsauti
dūsaudavo, dūsauti
dūsaudavome, dūsauti
dūsaudavote, dūsauti
dūsausiu, dūsauti
dūsausi, dūsauti
dūsaus, dūsauti
dūsausime, dūsauti
dūsausite, dūsauti
dūsaučiau, dūsauti
dūsautum(ei), dūsauti
dūsautų, dūsauti
dūsautu(mė)me, dūsauti
dūsautu(mė)te, dūsauti
dusinti, dusinti
dusinu, dusinti
dusini, dusinti
dusina, dusinti
dusiname, dusinti
dusinate, dusinti
dusink, dusinti
dusinkite, dusinti
dusinkime, dusinti
dusinau, dusinti
dusinai, dusinti
dusino, dusinti
dusinome, dusinti
dusinote, dusinti
dusindavau, dusinti
dusindavai, dusinti
dusindavo, dusinti
dusindavome, dusinti
dusindavote, dusinti
dusinsiu, dusinti
dusinsi, dusinti
dusins, dusinti
dusinsime, dusinti
dusinsite, dusinti
dusinčiau, dusinti
dusintum(ei), dusinti
dusintų, dusinti
dusintu(mė)me, dusinti
dusintu(mė)te, dusinti
dusti, dusti
dūstu, dusti
dūsti, dusti
dūsta, dusti
dūstame, dusti
dūstate, dusti
dusk, dusti
duskite, dusti
duskime, dusti
dusau, dusti
dusai, dusti
duso, dusti
dusome, dusti
dusote, dusti
dusdavau, dusti
dusdavai, dusti
dusdavo, dusti
dusdavome, dusti
dusdavote, dusti
dusiu, dusti
dusi, dusti
dus, dusti
dusime, dusti
dusite, dusti
dusčiau, dusti
dustum(ei), dusti
dustų, dusti
dustu(mė)me, dusti
dustu(mė)te, dusti
dvejoti, dvejoti
dvejoju, dvejoti
dvejoji, dvejoti
dvejoja, dvejoti
dvejojame, dvejoti
dvejojate, dvejoti
dvejok, dvejoti
dvejokite, dvejoti
dvejokime, dvejoti
dvejojau, dvejoti
dvejojai, dvejoti
dvejojo, dvejoti
dvejojome, dvejoti
dvejojote, dvejoti
dvejodavau, dvejoti
dvejodavai, dvejoti
dvejodavo, dvejoti
dvejodavome, dvejoti
dvejodavote, dvejoti
dvejosiu, dvejoti
dvejosi, dvejoti
dvejos, dvejoti
dvejosime, dvejoti
dvejosite, dvejoti
dvejočiau, dvejoti
dvejotum(ei), dvejoti
dvejotų, dvejoti
dvejotu(mė)me, dvejoti
dvejotu(mė)te, dvejoti
dvelkti, dvelkti
dvelkiu, dvelkti
dvelki, dvelkti
dvelkia, dvelkti
dvelkiame, dvelkti
dvelkiate, dvelkti
dvelk, dvelkti
dvelkite, dvelkti
dvelkime, dvelkti
dvelkiau, dvelkti
dvelkei, dvelkti
dvelkė, dvelkti
dvelkėme, dvelkti
dvelkėte, dvelkti
dvelkdavau, dvelkti
dvelkdavai, dvelkti
dvelkdavo, dvelkti
dvelkdavome, dvelkti
dvelkdavote, dvelkti
dvelksiu, dvelkti
dvelksi, dvelkti
dvelks, dvelkti
dvelksime, dvelkti
dvelksite, dvelkti
dvelkčiau, dvelkti
dvelktum(ei), dvelkti
dvelktų, dvelkti
dvelktu(mė)me, dvelkti
dvelktu(mė)te, dvelkti
dvėsti, dvėsti
dvesiu, dvėsti
dvesi, dvėsti
dvesia, dvėsti
dvesiame, dvėsti
dvesiate, dvėsti
dvėsk, dvėsti
dvėskite, dvėsti
dvėskime, dvėsti
dvėsiau, dvėsti
dvėsei, dvėsti
dvėsė, dvėsti
dvėsėme, dvėsti
dvėsėte, dvėsti
dvėsdavau, dvėsti
dvėsdavai, dvėsti
dvėsdavo, dvėsti
dvėsdavome, dvėsti
dvėsdavote, dvėsti
dvėsiu, dvėsti
dvėsi, dvėsti
dvės, dvėsti
dvėsime, dvėsti
dvėsite, dvėsti
dvėsčiau, dvėsti
dvėstum(ei), dvėsti
dvėstų, dvėsti
dvėstu(mė)me, dvėsti
dvėstu(mė)te, dvėsti
dvigubinti, dvigubinti
dvigubinu, dvigubinti
dvigubini, dvigubinti
dvigubina, dvigubinti
dvigubiname, dvigubinti
dvigubinate, dvigubinti
dvigubink, dvigubinti
dvigubinkite, dvigubinti
dvigubinkime, dvigubinti
dvigubinau, dvigubinti
dvigubinai, dvigubinti
dvigubino, dvigubinti
dvigubinome, dvigubinti
dvigubinote, dvigubinti
dvigubindavau, dvigubinti
dvigubindavai, dvigubinti
dvigubindavo, dvigubinti
dvigubindavome, dvigubinti
dvigubindavote, dvigubinti
dvigubinsiu, dvigubinti
dvigubinsi, dvigubinti
dvigubins, dvigubinti
dvigubinsime, dvigubinti
dvigubinsite, dvigubinti
dvigubinčiau, dvigubinti
dvigubintum(ei), dvigubinti
dvigubintų, dvigubinti
dvigubintu(mė)me, dvigubinti
dvigubintu(mė)te, dvigubinti
dvokti, dvokti
dvokiu, dvokti
dvoki, dvokti
dvokia, dvokti
dvokiame, dvokti
dvokiate, dvokti
dvok, dvokti
dvokite, dvokti
dvokime, dvokti
dvokiau, dvokti
dvokei, dvokti
dvokė, dvokti
dvokėme, dvokti
dvokėte, dvokti
dvokdavau, dvokti
dvokdavai, dvokti
dvokdavo, dvokti
dvokdavome, dvokti
dvokdavote, dvokti
dvoksiu, dvokti
dvoksi, dvokti
dvoks, dvokti
dvoksime, dvokti
dvoksite, dvokti
dvokčiau, dvokti
dvoktum(ei), dvokti
dvoktų, dvokti
dvoktu(mė)me, dvokti
dvoktu(mė)te, dvokti
dygti, dygti
dygstu, dygti
dygsti, dygti
dygsta, dygti
dygstame, dygti
dygstate, dygti
dyk, dygti
dykite, dygti
dykime, dygti
dygau, dygti
dygai, dygti
dygo, dygti
dygome, dygti
dygote, dygti
dygdavau, dygti
dygdavai, dygti
dygdavo, dygti
dygdavome, dygti
dygdavote, dygti
dygsiu, dygti
dygsi, dygti
dygs, dygti
dygsime, dygti
dygsite, dygti
dygčiau, dygti
dygtum(ei), dygti
dygtų, dygti
dygtu(mė)me, dygti
dygtu(mė)te, dygti
dykinėti, dykinėti
dykinėju, dykinėti
dykinėji, dykinėti
dykinėja, dykinėti
dykinėjame, dykinėti
dykinėjate, dykinėti
dykinėk, dykinėti
dykinėkite, dykinėti
dykinėkime, dykinėti
dykinėjau, dykinėti
dykinėjai, dykinėti
dykinėjo, dykinėti
dykinėjome, dykinėti
dykinėjote, dykinėti
dykinėdavau, dykinėti
dykinėdavai, dykinėti
dykinėdavo, dykinėti
dykinėdavome, dykinėti
dykinėdavote, dykinėti
dykinėsiu, dykinėti
dykinėsi, dykinėti
dykinės, dykinėti
dykinėsime, dykinėti
dykinėsite, dykinėti
dykinėčiau, dykinėti
dykinėtum(ei), dykinėti
dykinėtų, dykinėti
dykinėtu(mė)me, dykinėti
dykinėtu(mė)te, dykinėti
džiauti, džiauti
džiaunu, džiauti
džiauni, džiauti
džiauna, džiauti
džiauname, džiauti
džiaunate, džiauti
džiauk, džiauti
džiaukite, džiauti
džiaukime, džiauti
džioviau, džiauti
džiovei, džiauti
džiovė, džiauti
džiovėme, džiauti
džiovėte, džiauti
džiaudavau, džiauti
džiaudavai, džiauti
džiaudavo, džiauti
džiaudavome, džiauti
džiaudavote, džiauti
džiausiu, džiauti
džiausi, džiauti
džiaus, džiauti
džiausime, džiauti
džiausite, džiauti
džiaučiau, džiauti
džiautum(ei), džiauti
džiautų, džiauti
džiautu(mė)me, džiauti
džiautu(mė)te, džiauti
džiovinti, džiovinti
džiovinu, džiovinti
džiovini, džiovinti
džiovina, džiovinti
džioviname, džiovinti
džiovinate, džiovinti
džiovink, džiovinti
džiovinkite, džiovinti
džiovinkime, džiovinti
džiovinau, džiovinti
džiovinai, džiovinti
džiovino, džiovinti
džiovinome, džiovinti
džiovinote, džiovinti
džiovindavau, džiovinti
džiovindavai, džiovinti
džiovindavo, džiovinti
džiovindavome, džiovinti
džiovindavote, džiovinti
džiovinsiu, džiovinti
džiovinsi, džiovinti
džiovins, džiovinti
džiovinsime, džiovinti
džiovinsite, džiovinti
džiovinčiau, džiovinti
džiovintum(ei), džiovinti
džiovintų, džiovinti
džiovintu(mė)me, džiovinti
džiovintu(mė)te, džiovinti
džiūgauti, džiūgauti
džiūgauju, džiūgauti
džiūgauji, džiūgauti
džiūgauja, džiūgauti
džiūgaujame, džiūgauti
džiūgaujate, džiūgauti
džiūgauk, džiūgauti
džiūgaukite, džiūgauti
džiūgaukime, džiūgauti
džiūgavau, džiūgauti
džiūgavai, džiūgauti
džiūgavo, džiūgauti
džiūgavome, džiūgauti
džiūgavote, džiūgauti
džiūgaudavau, džiūgauti
džiūgaudavai, džiūgauti
džiūgaudavo, džiūgauti
džiūgaudavome, džiūgauti
džiūgaudavote, džiūgauti
džiūgausiu, džiūgauti
džiūgausi, džiūgauti
džiūgaus, džiūgauti
džiūgausime, džiūgauti
džiūgausite, džiūgauti
džiūgaučiau, džiūgauti
džiūgautum(ei), džiūgauti
džiūgautų, džiūgauti
džiūgautu(mė)me, džiūgauti
džiūgautu(mė)te, džiūgauti
džiuginti, džiuginti
džiuginu, džiuginti
džiugini, džiuginti
džiugina, džiuginti
džiuginame, džiuginti
džiuginate, džiuginti
džiugink, džiuginti
džiuginkite, džiuginti
džiuginkime, džiuginti
džiuginau, džiuginti
džiuginai, džiuginti
džiugino, džiuginti
džiuginome, džiuginti
džiuginote, džiuginti
džiugindavau, džiuginti
džiugindavai, džiuginti
džiugindavo, džiuginti
džiugindavome, džiuginti
džiugindavote, džiuginti
džiuginsiu, džiuginti
džiuginsi, džiuginti
džiugins, džiuginti
džiuginsime, džiuginti
džiuginsite, džiuginti
džiuginčiau, džiuginti
džiugintum(ei), džiuginti
džiugintų, džiuginti
džiugintu(mė)me, džiuginti
džiugintu(mė)te, džiuginti
džiūti, džiūti
džiūstu, džiūti
džiūsti, džiūti
džiūsta, džiūti
džiūstame, džiūti
džiūstate, džiūti
džiūk, džiūti
džiūkite, džiūti
džiūkime, džiūti
džiuvau, džiūti
džiuvai, džiūti
džiuvo, džiūti
džiuvome, džiūti
džiuvote, džiūti
džiūdavau, džiūti
džiūdavai, džiūti
džiūdavo, džiūti
džiūdavome, džiūti
džiūdavote, džiūti
džiūsiu, džiūti
džiūsi, džiūti
džiūs, džiūti
džiūsime, džiūti
džiūsite, džiūti
džiūčiau, džiūti
džiūtum(ei), džiūti
džiūtų, džiūti
džiūtu(mė)me, džiūti
džiūtu(mė)te, džiūti
egzistuoti, egzistuoti
egzistuoju, egzistuoti
egzistuoji, egzistuoti
egzistuoja, egzistuoti
egzistuojame, egzistuoti
egzistuojate, egzistuoti
egzistuok, egzistuoti
egzistuokite, egzistuoti
egzistuokime, egzistuoti
egzistavau, egzistuoti
egzistavai, egzistuoti
egzistavo, egzistuoti
egzistavome, egzistuoti
egzistavote, egzistuoti
egzistuodavau, egzistuoti
egzistuodavai, egzistuoti
egzistuodavo, egzistuoti
egzistuodavome, egzistuoti
egzistuodavote, egzistuoti
egzistuosiu, egzistuoti
egzistuosi, egzistuoti
egzistuos, egzistuoti
egzistuosime, egzistuoti
egzistuosite, egzistuoti
egzistuočiau, egzistuoti
egzistuotum(ei), egzistuoti
egzistuotų, egzistuoti
egzistuotu(mė)me, egzistuoti
egzistuotu(mė)te, egzistuoti
eidinėti, eidinėti
eidinėju, eidinėti
eidinėji, eidinėti
eidinėja, eidinėti
eidinėjame, eidinėti
eidinėjate, eidinėti
eidinėk, eidinėti
eidinėkite, eidinėti
eidinėkime, eidinėti
eidinėjau, eidinėti
eidinėjai, eidinėti
eidinėjo, eidinėti
eidinėjome, eidinėti
eidinėjote, eidinėti
eidinėdavau, eidinėti
eidinėdavai, eidinėti
eidinėdavo, eidinėti
eidinėdavome, eidinėti
eidinėdavote, eidinėti
eidinėsiu, eidinėti
eidinėsi, eidinėti
eidinės, eidinėti
eidinėsime, eidinėti
eidinėsite, eidinėti
eidinėčiau, eidinėti
eidinėtum(ei), eidinėti
eidinėtų, eidinėti
eidinėtu(mė)me, eidinėti
eidinėtu(mė)te, eidinėti
eikvoti, eikvoti
eikvoju, eikvoti
eikvoji, eikvoti
eikvoja, eikvoti
eikvojame, eikvoti
eikvojate, eikvoti
eikvok, eikvoti
eikvokite, eikvoti
eikvokime, eikvoti
eikvojau, eikvoti
eikvojai, eikvoti
eikvojo, eikvoti
eikvojome, eikvoti
eikvojote, eikvoti
eikvodavau, eikvoti
eikvodavai, eikvoti
eikvodavo, eikvoti
eikvodavome, eikvoti
eikvodavote, eikvoti
eikvosiu, eikvoti
eikvosi, eikvoti
eikvos, eikvoti
eikvosime, eikvoti
eikvosite, eikvoti
eikvočiau, eikvoti
eikvotum(ei), eikvoti
eikvotų, eikvoti
eikvotu(mė)me, eikvoti
eikvotu(mė)te, eikvoti
eiliuoti, eiliuoti
eiliuoju, eiliuoti
eiliuoji, eiliuoti
eiliuoja, eiliuoti
eiliuojame, eiliuoti
eiliuojate, eiliuoti
eiliuok, eiliuoti
eiliuokite, eiliuoti
eiliuokime, eiliuoti
eiliavau, eiliuoti
eiliavai, eiliuoti
eiliavo, eiliuoti
eiliavome, eiliuoti
eiliavote, eiliuoti
eiliuodavau, eiliuoti
eiliuodavai, eiliuoti
eiliuodavo, eiliuoti
eiliuodavome, eiliuoti
eiliuodavote, eiliuoti
eiliuosiu, eiliuoti
eiliuosi, eiliuoti
eiliuos, eiliuoti
eiliuosime, eiliuoti
eiliuosite, eiliuoti
eiliuočiau, eiliuoti
eiliuotum(ei), eiliuoti
eiliuotų, eiliuoti
eiliuotu(mė)me, eiliuoti
eiliuotu(mė)te, eiliuoti
eiti, eiti
einu, eiti
eini, eiti
eina, eiti
einame, eiti
einate, eiti
eik, eiti
eikite, eiti
eikime, eiti
ėjau, eiti
ėjai, eiti
ėjo, eiti
ėjome, eiti
ėjote, eiti
eidavau, eiti
eidavai, eiti
eidavo, eiti
eidavome, eiti
eidavote, eiti
eisiu, eiti
eisi, eiti
eis, eiti
eisime, eiti
eisite, eiti
eičiau, eiti
eitum(ei), eiti
eitų, eiti
eitu(mė)me, eiti
eitu(mė)te, eiti
eksperimentuoti, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuoju, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuoji, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuoja, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuojame, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuojate, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuok, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuokite, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuokime, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentavau, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentavai, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentavo, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentavome, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentavote, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuodavau, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuodavai, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuodavo, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuodavome, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuodavote, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuosiu, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuosi, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuos, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuosime, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuosite, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuočiau, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuotum(ei), eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuotų, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuotu(mė)me, eksperimentuoti
eksperimentuotu(mė)te, eksperimentuoti
ekzaminuoti, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuoju, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuoji, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuoja, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuojame, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuojate, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuok, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuokite, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuokime, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminavau, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminavai, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminavo, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminavome, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminavote, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuodavau, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuodavai, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuodavo, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuodavome, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuodavote, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuosiu, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuosi, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuos, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuosime, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuosite, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuočiau, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuotum(ei), ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuotų, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuotu(mė)me, ekzaminuoti
ekzaminuotu(mė)te, ekzaminuoti
ekzistuoti, ekzistuoti
ekzistuoju, ekzistuoti
ekzistuoji, ekzistuoti
ekzistuoja, ekzistuoti
ekzistuojame, ekzistuoti
ekzistuojate, ekzistuoti
ekzistuok, ekzistuoti
ekzistuokite, ekzistuoti
ekzistuokime, ekzistuoti
ekzistavau, ekzistuoti
ekzistavai, ekzistuoti
ekzistavo, ekzistuoti
ekzistavome, ekzistuoti
ekzistavote, ekzistuoti
ekzistuodavau, ekzistuoti
ekzistuodavai, ekzistuoti
ekzistuodavo, ekzistuoti
ekzistuodavome, ekzistuoti
ekzistuodavote, ekzistuoti
ekzistuosiu, ekzistuoti
ekzistuosi, ekzistuoti
ekzistuos, ekzistuoti
ekzistuosime, ekzistuoti
ekzistuosite, ekzistuoti
ekzistuočiau, ekzistuoti
ekzistuotum(ei), ekzistuoti
ekzistuotų, ekzistuoti
ekzistuotu(mė)me, ekzistuoti
ekzistuotu(mė)te, ekzistuoti
elektrifikuoti, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuoju, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuoji, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuoja, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuojame, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuojate, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuok, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuokite, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuokime, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikavau, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikavai, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikavo, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikavome, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikavote, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuodavau, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuodavai, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuodavo, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuodavome, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuodavote, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuosiu, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuosi, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuos, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuosime, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuosite, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuočiau, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuotum(ei), elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuotų, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuotu(mė)me, elektrifikuoti
elektrifikuotu(mė)te, elektrifikuoti
elgegauti, elgegauti
elgetauju, elgegauti
elgetauji, elgegauti
elgetauja, elgegauti
elgetaujame, elgegauti
elgetaujate, elgegauti
elgegauk, elgegauti
elgegaukite, elgegauti
elgegaukime, elgegauti
elgetavau, elgegauti
elgetavai, elgegauti
elgetavo, elgegauti
elgetavome, elgegauti
elgetavote, elgegauti
elgegaudavau, elgegauti
elgegaudavai, elgegauti
elgegaudavo, elgegauti
elgegaudavome, elgegauti
elgegaudavote, elgegauti
elgegausiu, elgegauti
elgegausi, elgegauti
elgegaus, elgegauti
elgegausime, elgegauti
elgegausite, elgegauti
elgegaučiau, elgegauti
elgegautum(ei), elgegauti
elgegautų, elgegauti
elgegautu(mė)me, elgegauti
elgegautu(mė)te, elgegauti
elgetauti, elgetauti
elgetauju, elgetauti
elgetauji, elgetauti
elgetauja, elgetauti
elgetaujame, elgetauti
elgetaujate, elgetauti
elgetauk, elgetauti
elgetaukite, elgetauti
elgetaukime, elgetauti
elgetavau, elgetauti
elgetavai, elgetauti
elgetavo, elgetauti
elgetavome, elgetauti
elgetavote, elgetauti
elgetaudavau, elgetauti
elgetaudavai, elgetauti
elgetaudavo, elgetauti
elgetaudavome, elgetauti
elgetaudavote, elgetauti
elgetausiu, elgetauti
elgetausi, elgetauti
elgetaus, elgetauti
elgetausime, elgetauti
elgetausite, elgetauti
elgetaučiau, elgetauti
elgetautum(ei), elgetauti
elgetautų, elgetauti
elgetautu(mė)me, elgetauti
elgetautu(mė)te, elgetauti
ėmėti, ėmėti
ėmėju, ėmėti
ėmėji, ėmėti
ėmėja, ėmėti
ėmėjame, ėmėti
ėmėjate, ėmėti
ėmėk, ėmėti
ėmėkite, ėmėti
ėmėkime, ėmėti
ėmėjau, ėmėti
ėmėjai, ėmėti
ėmėjo, ėmėti
ėmėjome, ėmėti
ėmėjote, ėmėti
ėmėdavau, ėmėti
ėmėdavai, ėmėti
ėmėdavo, ėmėti
ėmėdavome, ėmėti
ėmėdavote, ėmėti
ėmėsiu, ėmėti
ėmėsi, ėmėti
ėmės, ėmėti
ėmėsime, ėmėti
ėmėsite, ėmėti
ėmėčiau, ėmėti
ėmėtum(ei), ėmėti
ėmėtų, ėmėti
ėmėtu(mė)me, ėmėti
ėmėtu(mė)te, ėmėti
emigruoti, emigruoti
emigruoju, emigruoti
emigruoji, emigruoti
emigruoja, emigruoti
emigruojame, emigruoti
emigruojate, emigruoti
emigruok, emigruoti
emigruokite, emigruoti
emigruokime, emigruoti
emigravau, emigruoti
emigravai, emigruoti
emigravo, emigruoti
emigravome, emigruoti
emigravote, emigruoti
emigruodavau, emigruoti
emigruodavai, emigruoti
emigruodavo, emigruoti
emigruodavome, emigruoti
emigruodavote, emigruoti
emigruosiu, emigruoti
emigruosi, emigruoti
emigruos, emigruoti
emigruosime, emigruoti
emigruosite, emigruoti
emigruočiau, emigruoti
emigruotum(ei), emigruoti
emigruotų, emigruoti
emigruotu(mė)me, emigruoti
emigruotu(mė)te, emigruoti
emuliuoti, emuliuoti
emuliuoju, emuliuoti
emuliuoji, emuliuoti
emuliuoja, emuliuoti
emuliuojame, emuliuoti
emuliuojate, emuliuoti
emuliuok, emuliuoti
emuliuokite, emuliuoti
emuliuokime, emuliuoti
emuliavau, emuliuoti
emuliavai, emuliuoti
emuliavo, emuliuoti
emuliavome, emuliuoti
emuliavote, emuliuoti
emuliuodavau, emuliuoti
emuliuodavai, emuliuoti
emuliuodavo, emuliuoti
emuliuodavome, emuliuoti
emuliuodavote, emuliuoti
emuliuosiu, emuliuoti
emuliuosi, emuliuoti
emuliuos, emuliuoti
emuliuosime, emuliuoti
emuliuosite, emuliuoti
emuliuočiau, emuliuoti
emuliuotum(ei), emuliuoti
emuliuotų, emuliuoti
emuliuotu(mė)me, emuliuoti
emuliuotu(mė)te, emuliuoti
engti, engti
engiu, engti
engi, engti
engia, engti
engiame, engti
engiate, engti
enk, engti
enkite, engti
enkime, engti
engiau, engti
engei, engti
engė, engti
engėme, engti
engėte, engti
engdavau, engti
engdavai, engti
engdavo, engti
engdavome, engti
engdavote, engti
engsiu, engti
engsi, engti
engs, engti
engsime, engti
engsite, engti
engčiau, engti
engtum(ei), engti
engtų, engti
engtu(mė)me, engti
engtu(mė)te, engti
erzinti, erzinti
erzinu, erzinti
erzini, erzinti
erzina, erzinti
erziname, erzinti
erzinate, erzinti
erzink, erzinti
erzinkite, erzinti
erzinkime, erzinti
erzinau, erzinti
erzinai, erzinti
erzino, erzinti
erzinome, erzinti
erzinote, erzinti
erzindavau, erzinti
erzindavai, erzinti
erzindavo, erzinti
erzindavome, erzinti
erzindavote, erzinti
erzinsiu, erzinti
erzinsi, erzinti
erzins, erzinti
erzinsime, erzinti
erzinsite, erzinti
erzinčiau, erzinti
erzintum(ei), erzinti
erzintų, erzinti
erzintu(mė)me, erzinti
erzintu(mė)te, erzinti
ėsti, ėsti
ėdžu, ėsti
ėdi, ėsti
ėda, ėsti
ėdame, ėsti
ėdate, ėsti
ėsk, ėsti
ėskite, ėsti
ėskime, ėsti
ėdei, ėsti
ėdė, ėsti
ėdėme, ėsti
ėdėte, ėsti
ėsdavau, ėsti
ėsdavai, ėsti
ėsdavo, ėsti
ėsdavome, ėsti
ėsdavote, ėsti
ėsiu, ėsti
ėsi, ėsti
ės, ėsti
ėsime, ėsti
ėsite, ėsti
ėsčiau, ėsti
ėstum(ei), ėsti
ėstų, ėsti
ėstu(mė)me, ėsti
ėstu(mė)te, ėsti
evakuoti, evakuoti
evakuoju, evakuoti
evakuoji, evakuoti
evakuoja, evakuoti
evakuojame, evakuoti
evakuojate, evakuoti
evakuok, evakuoti
evakuokite, evakuoti
evakuokime, evakuoti
evakavau, evakuoti
evakavai, evakuoti
evakavo, evakuoti
evakavome, evakuoti
evakavote, evakuoti
evakuodavau, evakuoti
evakuodavai, evakuoti
evakuodavo, evakuoti
evakuodavome, evakuoti
evakuodavote, evakuoti
evakuosiu, evakuoti
evakuosi, evakuoti
evakuos, evakuoti
evakuosime, evakuoti
evakuosite, evakuoti
evakuočiau, evakuoti
evakuotum(ei), evakuoti
evakuotų, evakuoti
evakuotu(mė)me, evakuoti
evakuotu(mė)te, evakuoti
fantazuoti, fantazuoti
fantazuoju, fantazuoti
fantazuoji, fantazuoti
fantazuoja, fantazuoti
fantazuojame, fantazuoti
fantazuojate, fantazuoti
fantazuok, fantazuoti
fantazuokite, fantazuoti
fantazuokime, fantazuoti
fantazavau, fantazuoti
fantazavai, fantazuoti
fantazavo, fantazuoti
fantazavome, fantazuoti
fantazavote, fantazuoti
fantazuodavau, fantazuoti
fantazuodavai, fantazuoti
fantazuodavo, fantazuoti
fantazuodavome, fantazuoti
fantazuodavote, fantazuoti
fantazuosiu, fantazuoti
fantazuosi, fantazuoti
fantazuos, fantazuoti
fantazuosime, fantazuoti
fantazuosite, fantazuoti
fantazuočiau, fantazuoti
fantazuotum(ei), fantazuoti
fantazuotų, fantazuoti
fantazuotu(mė)me, fantazuoti
fantazuotu(mė)te, fantazuoti
figūruoti, figūruoti
figūruoju, figūruoti
figūruoji, figūruoti
figūruoja, figūruoti
figūruojame, figūruoti
figūruojate, figūruoti
figūruok, figūruoti
figūruokite, figūruoti
figūruokime, figūruoti
figūravau, figūruoti
figūravai, figūruoti
figūravo, figūruoti
figūravome, figūruoti
figūravote, figūruoti
figūruodavau, figūruoti
figūruodavai, figūruoti
figūruodavo, figūruoti
figūruodavome, figūruoti
figūruodavote, figūruoti
figūruosiu, figūruoti
figūruosi, figūruoti
figūruos, figūruoti
figūruosime, figūruoti
figūruosite, figūruoti
figūruočiau, figūruoti
figūruotum(ei), figūruoti
figūruotų, figūruoti
figūruotu(mė)me, figūruoti
figūruotu(mė)te, figūruoti
filmuoti, filmuoti
filmuoju, filmuoti
filmuoji, filmuoti
filmuoja, filmuoti
filmuojame, filmuoti
filmuojate, filmuoti
filmuok, filmuoti
filmuokite, filmuoti
filmuokime, filmuoti
filmavau, filmuoti
filmavai, filmuoti
filmavo, filmuoti
filmavome, filmuoti
filmavote, filmuoti
filmuodavau, filmuoti
filmuodavai, filmuoti
filmuodavo, filmuoti
filmuodavome, filmuoti
filmuodavote, filmuoti
filmuosiu, filmuoti
filmuosi, filmuoti
filmuos, filmuoti
filmuosime, filmuoti
filmuosite, filmuoti
filmuočiau, filmuoti
filmuotum(ei), filmuoti
filmuotų, filmuoti
filmuotu(mė)me, filmuoti
filmuotu(mė)te, filmuoti
filosofuoti, filosofuoti
filosofuoju, filosofuoti
filosofuoji, filosofuoti
filosofuoja, filosofuoti
filosofuojame, filosofuoti
filosofuojate, filosofuoti
filosofuok, filosofuoti
filosofuokite, filosofuoti
filosofuokime, filosofuoti
filosofavau, filosofuoti
filosofavai, filosofuoti
filosofavo, filosofuoti
filosofavome, filosofuoti
filosofavote, filosofuoti
filosofuodavau, filosofuoti
filosofuodavai, filosofuoti
filosofuodavo, filosofuoti
filosofuodavome, filosofuoti
filosofuodavote, filosofuoti
filosofuosiu, filosofuoti
filosofuosi, filosofuoti
filosofuos, filosofuoti
filosofuosime, filosofuoti
filosofuosite, filosofuoti
filosofuočiau, filosofuoti
filosofuotum(ei), filosofuoti
filosofuotų, filosofuoti
filosofuotu(mė)me, filosofuoti
filosofuotu(mė)te, filosofuoti
finansuoti, finansuoti
finansuoju, finansuoti
finansuoji, finansuoti
finansuoja, finansuoti
finansuojame, finansuoti
finansuojate, finansuoti
finansuok, finansuoti
finansuokite, finansuoti
finansuokime, finansuoti
finansavau, finansuoti
finansavai, finansuoti
finansavo, finansuoti
finansavome, finansuoti
finansavote, finansuoti
finansuodavau, finansuoti
finansuodavai, finansuoti
finansuodavo, finansuoti
finansuodavome, finansuoti
finansuodavote, finansuoti
finansuosiu, finansuoti
finansuosi, finansuoti
finansuos, finansuoti
finansuosime, finansuoti
finansuosite, finansuoti
finansuočiau, finansuoti
finansuotum(ei), finansuoti
finansuotų, finansuoti
finansuotu(mė)me, finansuoti
finansuotu(mė)te, finansuoti
flirtuoti, flirtuoti
flirtuoju, flirtuoti
flirtuoji, flirtuoti
flirtuoja, flirtuoti
flirtuojame, flirtuoti
flirtuojate, flirtuoti
flirtuok, flirtuoti
flirtuokite, flirtuoti
flirtuokime, flirtuoti
flirtavau, flirtuoti
flirtavai, flirtuoti
flirtavo, flirtuoti
flirtavome, flirtuoti
flirtavote, flirtuoti
flirtuodavau, flirtuoti
flirtuodavai, flirtuoti
flirtuodavo, flirtuoti
flirtuodavome, flirtuoti
flirtuodavote, flirtuoti
flirtuosiu, flirtuoti
flirtuosi, flirtuoti
flirtuos, flirtuoti
flirtuosime, flirtuoti
flirtuosite, flirtuoti
flirtuočiau, flirtuoti
flirtuotum(ei), flirtuoti
flirtuotų, flirtuoti
flirtuotu(mė)me, flirtuoti
flirtuotu(mė)te, flirtuoti
fokusuoti, fokusuoti
fokusuoju, fokusuoti
fokusuoji, fokusuoti
fokusuoja, fokusuoti
fokusuojame, fokusuoti
fokusuojate, fokusuoti
fokusuok, fokusuoti
fokusuokite, fokusuoti
fokusuokime, fokusuoti
fokusavau, fokusuoti
fokusavai, fokusuoti
fokusavo, fokusuoti
fokusavome, fokusuoti
fokusavote, fokusuoti
fokusuodavau, fokusuoti
fokusuodavai, fokusuoti
fokusuodavo, fokusuoti
fokusuodavome, fokusuoti
fokusuodavote, fokusuoti
fokusuosiu, fokusuoti
fokusuosi, fokusuoti
fokusuos, fokusuoti
fokusuosime, fokusuoti
fokusuosite, fokusuoti
fokusuočiau, fokusuoti
fokusuotum(ei), fokusuoti
fokusuotų, fokusuoti
fokusuotu(mė)me, fokusuoti
fokusuotu(mė)te, fokusuoti
forminti, forminti
forminu, forminti
formini, forminti
formina, forminti
forminame, forminti
forminate, forminti
formink, forminti
forminkite, forminti
forminkime, forminti
forminau, forminti
forminai, forminti
formino, forminti
forminome, forminti
forminote, forminti
formindavau, forminti
formindavai, forminti
formindavo, forminti
formindavome, forminti
formindavote, forminti
forminsiu, forminti
forminsi, forminti
formins, forminti
forminsime, forminti
forminsite, forminti
forminčiau, forminti
formintum(ei), forminti
formintų, forminti
formintu(mė)me, forminti
formintu(mė)te, forminti
formuoti, formuoti
formuoju, formuoti
formuoji, formuoti
formuoja, formuoti
formuojame, formuoti
formuojate, formuoti
formuok, formuoti
formuokite, formuoti
formuokime, formuoti
formavau, formuoti
formavai, formuoti
formavo, formuoti
formavome, formuoti
formavote, formuoti
formuodavau, formuoti
formuodavai, formuoti
formuodavo, formuoti
formuodavome, formuoti
formuodavote, formuoti
formuosiu, formuoti
formuosi, formuoti
formuos, formuoti
formuosime, formuoti
formuosite, formuoti
formuočiau, formuoti
formuotum(ei), formuoti
formuotų, formuoti
formuotu(mė)me, formuoti
formuotu(mė)te, formuoti
fotografuoti, fotografuoti
fotografuoju, fotografuoti
fotografuoji, fotografuoti
fotografuoja, fotografuoti
fotografuojame, fotografuoti
fotografuojate, fotografuoti
fotografuok, fotografuoti
fotografuokite, fotografuoti
fotografuokime, fotografuoti
fotografavau, fotografuoti
fotografavai, fotografuoti
fotografavo, fotografuoti
fotografavome, fotografuoti
fotografavote, fotografuoti
fotografuodavau, fotografuoti
fotografuodavai, fotografuoti
fotografuodavo, fotografuoti
fotografuodavome, fotografuoti
fotografuodavote, fotografuoti
fotografuosiu, fotografuoti
fotografuosi, fotografuoti
fotografuos, fotografuoti
fotografuosime, fotografuoti
fotografuosite, fotografuoti
fotografuočiau, fotografuoti
fotografuotum(ei), fotografuoti
fotografuotų, fotografuoti
fotografuotu(mė)me, fotografuoti
fotografuotu(mė)te, fotografuoti
funkcionuoti, funkcionuoti
funkcionuoju, funkcionuoti
funkcionuoji, funkcionuoti
funkcionuoja, funkcionuoti
funkcionuojame, funkcionuoti
funkcionuojate, funkcionuoti
funkcionuok, funkcionuoti
funkcionuokite, funkcionuoti
funkcionuokime, funkcionuoti
funkcionavau, funkcionuoti
funkcionavai, funkcionuoti
funkcionavo, funkcionuoti
funkcionavome, funkcionuoti
funkcionavote, funkcionuoti
funkcionuodavau, funkcionuoti
funkcionuodavai, funkcionuoti
funkcionuodavo, funkcionuoti
funkcionuodavome, funkcionuoti
funkcionuodavote, funkcionuoti
funkcionuosiu, funkcionuoti
funkcionuosi, funkcionuoti
funkcionuos, funkcionuoti
funkcionuosime, funkcionuoti
funkcionuosite, funkcionuoti
funkcionuočiau, funkcionuoti
funkcionuotum(ei), funkcionuoti
funkcionuotų, funkcionuoti
funkcionuotu(mė)me, funkcionuoti
funkcionuotu(mė)te, funkcionuoti
gabenti, gabenti
gabenu, gabenti
gabeni, gabenti
gabena, gabenti
gabename, gabenti
gabenate, gabenti
gabenk, gabenti
gabenkite, gabenti
gabenkime, gabenti
gabenau, gabenti
gabenai, gabenti
gabeno, gabenti
gabenome, gabenti
gabenote, gabenti
gabendavau, gabenti
gabendavai, gabenti
gabendavo, gabenti
gabendavome, gabenti
gabendavote, gabenti
gabensiu, gabenti
gabensi, gabenti
gabens, gabenti
gabensime, gabenti
gabensite, gabenti
gabenčiau, gabenti
gabentum(ei), gabenti
gabentų, gabenti
gabentu(mė)me, gabenti
gabentu(mė)te, gabenti
gadinti, gadinti
gadinu, gadinti
gadini, gadinti
gadina, gadinti
gadiname, gadinti
gadinate, gadinti
gadink, gadinti
gadinkite, gadinti
gadinkime, gadinti
gadinau, gadinti
gadinai, gadinti
gadino, gadinti
gadinome, gadinti
gadinote, gadinti
gadindavau, gadinti
gadindavai, gadinti
gadindavo, gadinti
gadindavome, gadinti
gadindavote, gadinti
gadinsiu, gadinti
gadinsi, gadinti
gadins, gadinti
gadinsime, gadinti
gadinsite, gadinti
gadinčiau, gadinti
gadintum(ei), gadinti
gadintų, gadinti
gadintu(mė)me, gadinti
gadintu(mė)te, gadinti
gagėti, gagėti
gagu, gagėti
gagi, gagėti
gaga, gagėti
gagame, gagėti
gagate, gagėti
gagėk, gagėti
gagėkite, gagėti
gagėkime, gagėti
gagėjau, gagėti
gagėjai, gagėti
gagėjo, gagėti
gagėjome, gagėti
gagėjote, gagėti
gagėdavau, gagėti
gagėdavai, gagėti
gagėdavo, gagėti
gagėdavome, gagėti
gagėdavote, gagėti
gagėsiu, gagėti
gagėsi, gagėti
gagės, gagėti
gagėsime, gagėti
gagėsite, gagėti
gagėčiau, gagėti
gagėtum(ei), gagėti
gagėtų, gagėti
gagėtu(mė)me, gagėti
gagėtu(mė)te, gagėti
gailėti, gailėti
gailiu, gailėti
gaili, gailėti
gaili, gailėti
gailime, gailėti
gailite, gailėti
gailėk, gailėti
gailėkite, gailėti
gailėkime, gailėti
gailėjau, gailėti
gailėjai, gailėti
gailėjo, gailėti
gailėjome, gailėti
gailėjote, gailėti
gailėdavau, gailėti
gailėdavai, gailėti
gailėdavo, gailėti
gailėdavome, gailėti
gailėdavote, gailėti
gailėsiu, gailėti
gailėsi, gailėti
gailės, gailėti
gailėsime, gailėti
gailėsite, gailėti
gailėčiau, gailėti
gailėtum(ei), gailėti
gailėtų, gailėti
gailėtu(mė)me, gailėti
gailėtu(mė)te, gailėti
gaišti, gaišti
gaištu, gaišti
gaišti, gaišti
gaišta, gaišti
gaištame, gaišti
gaištate, gaišti
gaišk, gaišti
gaiškite, gaišti
gaiškime, gaišti
gaišau, gaišti
gaišai, gaišti
gaišo, gaišti
gaišome, gaišti
gaišote, gaišti
gaišdavau, gaišti
gaišdavai, gaišti
gaišdavo, gaišti
gaišdavome, gaišti
gaišdavote, gaišti
gaiššiu, gaišti
gaišši, gaišti
gaišš, gaišti
gaiššime, gaišti
gaiššite, gaišti
gaiščiau, gaišti
gaištum(ei), gaišti
gaištų, gaišti
gaištu(mė)me, gaišti
gaištu(mė)te, gaišti
gaivinti, gaivinti
gaivinu, gaivinti
gaivini, gaivinti
gaivina, gaivinti
gaiviname, gaivinti
gaivinate, gaivinti
gaivink, gaivinti
gaivinkite, gaivinti
gaivinkime, gaivinti
gaivinau, gaivinti
gaivinai, gaivinti
gaivino, gaivinti
gaivinome, gaivinti
gaivinote, gaivinti
gaivindavau, gaivinti
gaivindavai, gaivinti
gaivindavo, gaivinti
gaivindavome, gaivinti
gaivindavote, gaivinti
gaivinsiu, gaivinti
gaivinsi, gaivinti
gaivins, gaivinti
gaivinsime, gaivinti
gaivinsite, gaivinti
gaivinčiau, gaivinti
gaivintum(ei), gaivinti
gaivintų, gaivinti
gaivintu(mė)me, gaivinti
gaivintu(mė)te, gaivinti
galąsti, galąsti
galandžu, galąsti
galandi, galąsti
galanda, galąsti
galandame, galąsti
galandate, galąsti
galąsk, galąsti
galąskite, galąsti
galąskime, galąsti
galandau, galąsti
galandai, galąsti
galando, galąsti
galandome, galąsti
galandote, galąsti
galąsdavau, galąsti
galąsdavai, galąsti
galąsdavo, galąsti
galąsdavome, galąsti
galąsdavote, galąsti
galąsiu, galąsti
galąsi, galąsti
galąs, galąsti
galąsime, galąsti
galąsite, galąsti
galąsčiau, galąsti
galąstum(ei), galąsti
galąstų, galąsti
galąstu(mė)me, galąsti
galąstu(mė)te, galąsti
galėti, galėti
galiu, galėti
gali, galėti
gali, galėti
galime, galėti
galite, galėti
galėk, galėti
galėkite, galėti
galėkime, galėti
galėjau, galėti
galėjai, galėti
galėjo, galėti
galėjome, galėti
galėjote, galėti
galėdavau, galėti
galėdavai, galėti
galėdavo, galėti
galėdavome, galėti
galėdavote, galėti
galėsiu, galėti
galėsi, galėti
galės, galėti
galėsime, galėti
galėsite, galėti
galėčiau, galėti
galėtum(ei), galėti
galėtų, galėti
galėtu(mė)me, galėti
galėtu(mė)te, galėti
galioti, galioti
galioju, galioti
galioji, galioti
galioja, galioti
galiojame, galioti
galiojate, galioti
galiok, galioti
galiokite, galioti
galiokime, galioti
galiojau, galioti
galiojai, galioti
galiojo, galioti
galiojome, galioti
galiojote, galioti
galiodavau, galioti
galiodavai, galioti
galiodavo, galioti
galiodavome, galioti
galiodavote, galioti
galiosiu, galioti
galiosi, galioti
galios, galioti
galiosime, galioti
galiosite, galioti
galiočiau, galioti
galiotum(ei), galioti
galiotų, galioti
galiotu(mė)me, galioti
galiotu(mė)te, galioti
galvoti, galvoti
galvoju, galvoti
galvoji, galvoti
galvoja, galvoti
galvojame, galvoti
galvojate, galvoti
galvok, galvoti
galvokite, galvoti
galvokime, galvoti
galvojau, galvoti
galvojai, galvoti
galvojo, galvoti
galvojome, galvoti
galvojote, galvoti
galvodavau, galvoti
galvodavai, galvoti
galvodavo, galvoti
galvodavome, galvoti
galvodavote, galvoti
galvosiu, galvoti
galvosi, galvoti
galvos, galvoti
galvosime, galvoti
galvosite, galvoti
galvočiau, galvoti
galvotum(ei), galvoti
galvotų, galvoti
galvotu(mė)me, galvoti
galvotu(mė)te, galvoti
gaminti, gaminti
gaminu, gaminti
gamini, gaminti
gamina, gaminti
gaminame, gaminti
gaminate, gaminti
gamink, gaminti
gaminkite, gaminti
gaminkime, gaminti
gaminau, gaminti
gaminai, gaminti
gamino, gaminti
gaminome, gaminti
gaminote, gaminti
gamindavau, gaminti
gamindavai, gaminti
gamindavo, gaminti
gamindavome, gaminti
gamindavote, gaminti
gaminsiu, gaminti
gaminsi, gaminti
gamins, gaminti
gaminsime, gaminti
gaminsite, gaminti
gaminčiau, gaminti
gamintum(ei), gaminti
gamintų, gaminti
gamintu(mė)me, gaminti
gamintu(mė)te, gaminti
ganyti, ganyti
ganau, ganyti
ganai, ganyti
gano, ganyti
ganome, ganyti
ganote, ganyti
ganyk, ganyti
ganykite, ganyti
ganykime, ganyti
ganiau, ganyti
ganei, ganyti
ganė, ganyti
ganėme, ganyti
ganėte, ganyti
ganydavau, ganyti
ganydavai, ganyti
ganydavo, ganyti
ganydavome, ganyti
ganydavote, ganyti
ganysiu, ganyti
ganysi, ganyti
ganys, ganyti
ganysime, ganyti
ganysite, ganyti
ganyčiau, ganyti
ganytum(ei), ganyti
ganytų, ganyti
ganytu(mė)me, ganyti
ganytu(mė)te, ganyti
garantuoti, garantuoti
garantuoju, garantuoti
garantuoji, garantuoti
garantuoja, garantuoti
garantuojame, garantuoti
garantuojate, garantuoti
garantuok, garantuoti
garantuokite, garantuoti
garantuokime, garantuoti
garantavau, garantuoti
garantavai, garantuoti
garantavo, garantuoti
garantavome, garantuoti
garantavote, garantuoti
garantuodavau, garantuoti
garantuodavai, garantuoti
garantuodavo, garantuoti
garantuodavome, garantuoti
garantuodavote, garantuoti
garantuosiu, garantuoti
garantuosi, garantuoti
garantuos, garantuoti
garantuosime, garantuoti
garantuosite, garantuoti
garantuočiau, garantuoti
garantuotum(ei), garantuoti
garantuotų, garantuoti
garantuotu(mė)me, garantuoti
garantuotu(mė)te, garantuoti
garbanoti, garbanoti
garbanoju, garbanoti
garbanoji, garbanoti
garbanoja, garbanoti
garbanojame, garbanoti
garbanojate, garbanoti
garbanok, garbanoti
garbanokite, garbanoti
garbanokime, garbanoti
garbanojau, garbanoti
garbanojai, garbanoti
garbanojo, garbanoti
garbanojome, garbanoti
garbanojote, garbanoti
garbanodavau, garbanoti
garbanodavai, garbanoti
garbanodavo, garbanoti
garbanodavome, garbanoti
garbanodavote, garbanoti
garbanosiu, garbanoti
garbanosi, garbanoti
garbanos, garbanoti
garbanosime, garbanoti
garbanosite, garbanoti
garbanočiau, garbanoti
garbanotum(ei), garbanoti
garbanotų, garbanoti
garbanotu(mė)me, garbanoti
garbanotu(mė)te, garbanoti
garbinti, garbinti
garbinu, garbinti
garbini, garbinti
garbina, garbinti
garbiname, garbinti
garbinate, garbinti
garbink, garbinti
garbinkite, garbinti
garbinkime, garbinti
garbinau, garbinti
garbinai, garbinti
garbino, garbinti
garbinome, garbinti
garbinote, garbinti
garbindavau, garbinti
garbindavai, garbinti
garbindavo, garbinti
garbindavome, garbinti
garbindavote, garbinti
garbinsiu, garbinti
garbinsi, garbinti
garbins, garbinti
garbinsime, garbinti
garbinsite, garbinti
garbinčiau, garbinti
garbintum(ei), garbinti
garbintų, garbinti
garbintu(mė)me, garbinti
garbintu(mė)te, garbinti
garsėti, garsėti
garsėju, garsėti
garsėji, garsėti
garsėja, garsėti
garsėjame, garsėti
garsėjate, garsėti
garsėk, garsėti
garsėkite, garsėti
garsėkime, garsėti
garsėjau, garsėti
garsėjai, garsėti
garsėjo, garsėti
garsėjome, garsėti
garsėjote, garsėti
garsėdavau, garsėti
garsėdavai, garsėti
garsėdavo, garsėti
garsėdavome, garsėti
garsėdavote, garsėti
garsėsiu, garsėti
garsėsi, garsėti
garsės, garsėti
garsėsime, garsėti
garsėsite, garsėti
garsėčiau, garsėti
garsėtum(ei), garsėti
garsėtų, garsėti
garsėtu(mė)me, garsėti
garsėtu(mė)te, garsėti
garuoti, garuoti
garuoju, garuoti
garuoji, garuoti
garuoja, garuoti
garuojame, garuoti
garuojate, garuoti
garuok, garuoti
garuokite, garuoti
garuokime, garuoti
garavau, garuoti
garavai, garuoti
garavo, garuoti
garavome, garuoti
garavote, garuoti
garuodavau, garuoti
garuodavai, garuoti
garuodavo, garuoti
garuodavome, garuoti
garuodavote, garuoti
garuosiu, garuoti
garuosi, garuoti
garuos, garuoti
garuosime, garuoti
garuosite, garuoti
garuočiau, garuoti
garuotum(ei), garuoti
garuotų, garuoti
garuotu(mė)me, garuoti
garuotu(mė)te, garuoti
gąsdinti, gąsdinti
gąsdinu, gąsdinti
gąsdini, gąsdinti
gąsdina, gąsdinti
gąsdiname, gąsdinti
gąsdinate, gąsdinti
gąsdink, gąsdinti
gąsdinkite, gąsdinti
gąsdinkime, gąsdinti
gąsdinau, gąsdinti
gąsdinai, gąsdinti
gąsdino, gąsdinti
gąsdinome, gąsdinti
gąsdinote, gąsdinti
gąsdindavau, gąsdinti
gąsdindavai, gąsdinti
gąsdindavo, gąsdinti
gąsdindavome, gąsdinti
gąsdindavote, gąsdinti
gąsdinsiu, gąsdinti
gąsdinsi, gąsdinti
gąsdins, gąsdinti
gąsdinsime, gąsdinti
gąsdinsite, gąsdinti
gąsdinčiau, gąsdinti
gąsdintum(ei), gąsdinti
gąsdintų, gąsdinti
gąsdintu(mė)me, gąsdinti
gąsdintu(mė)te, gąsdinti
gąstauti, gąstauti
gąstauju, gąstauti
gąstauji, gąstauti
gąstauja, gąstauti
gąstaujame, gąstauti
gąstaujate, gąstauti
gąstauk, gąstauti
gąstaukite, gąstauti
gąstaukime, gąstauti
gąstavau, gąstauti
gąstavai, gąstauti
gąstavo, gąstauti
gąstavome, gąstauti
gąstavote, gąstauti
gąstaudavau, gąstauti
gąstaudavai, gąstauti
gąstaudavo, gąstauti
gąstaudavome, gąstauti
gąstaudavote, gąstauti
gąstausiu, gąstauti
gąstausi, gąstauti
gąstaus, gąstauti
gąstausime, gąstauti
gąstausite, gąstauti
gąstaučiau, gąstauti
gąstautum(ei), gąstauti
gąstautų, gąstauti
gąstautu(mė)me, gąstauti
gąstautu(mė)te, gąstauti
gaubti, gaubti
gaubiu, gaubti
gaubi, gaubti
gaubia, gaubti
gaubiame, gaubti
gaubiate, gaubti
gaubk, gaubti
gaubkite, gaubti
gaubkime, gaubti
gaubiau, gaubti
gaubei, gaubti
gaubė, gaubti
gaubėme, gaubti
gaubėte, gaubti
gaubdavau, gaubti
gaubdavai, gaubti
gaubdavo, gaubti
gaubdavome, gaubti
gaubdavote, gaubti
gaubsiu, gaubti
gaubsi, gaubti
gaubs, gaubti
gaubsime, gaubti
gaubsite, gaubti
gaubčiau, gaubti
gaubtum(ei), gaubti
gaubtų, gaubti
gaubtu(mė)me, gaubti
gaubtu(mė)te, gaubti
gaudyti, gaudyti
gaudžau, gaudyti
gaudai, gaudyti
gaudo, gaudyti
gaudome, gaudyti
gaudote, gaudyti
gaudyk, gaudyti
gaudykite, gaudyti
gaudykime, gaudyti
gaudei, gaudyti
gaudė, gaudyti
gaudėme, gaudyti
gaudėte, gaudyti
gaudydavau, gaudyti
gaudydavai, gaudyti
gaudydavo, gaudyti
gaudydavome, gaudyti
gaudydavote, gaudyti
gaudysiu, gaudyti
gaudysi, gaudyti
gaudys, gaudyti
gaudysime, gaudyti
gaudysite, gaudyti
gaudyčiau, gaudyti
gaudytum(ei), gaudyti
gaudytų, gaudyti
gaudytu(mė)me, gaudyti
gaudytu(mė)te, gaudyti
gausėti, gausėti
gausėju, gausėti
gausėji, gausėti
gausėja, gausėti
gausėjame, gausėti
gausėjate, gausėti
gausėk, gausėti
gausėkite, gausėti
gausėkime, gausėti
gausėjau, gausėti
gausėjai, gausėti
gausėjo, gausėti
gausėjome, gausėti
gausėjote, gausėti
gausėdavau, gausėti
gausėdavai, gausėti
gausėdavo, gausėti
gausėdavome, gausėti
gausėdavote, gausėti
gausėsiu, gausėti
gausėsi, gausėti
gausės, gausėti
gausėsime, gausėti
gausėsite, gausėti
gausėčiau, gausėti
gausėtum(ei), gausėti
gausėtų, gausėti
gausėtu(mė)me, gausėti
gausėtu(mė)te, gausėti
gauti, gauti
gaunu, gauti
gauni, gauti
gauna, gauti
gauname, gauti
gaunate, gauti
gauk, gauti
gaukite, gauti
gaukime, gauti
gavau, gauti
gavai, gauti
gavo, gauti
gavome, gauti
gavote, gauti
gaudavau, gauti
gaudavai, gauti
gaudavo, gauti
gaudavome, gauti
gaudavote, gauti
gausiu, gauti
gausi, gauti
gaus, gauti
gausime, gauti
gausite, gauti
gaučiau, gauti
gautum(ei), gauti
gautų, gauti
gautu(mė)me, gauti
gautu(mė)te, gauti
gebėti, gebėti
gebu, gebėti
gebi, gebėti
geba, gebėti
gebame, gebėti
gebate, gebėti
gebėk, gebėti
gebėkite, gebėti
gebėkime, gebėti
gebėjau, gebėti
gebėjai, gebėti
gebėjo, gebėti
gebėjome, gebėti
gebėjote, gebėti
gebėdavau, gebėti
gebėdavai, gebėti
gebėdavo, gebėti
gebėdavome, gebėti
gebėdavote, gebėti
gebėsiu, gebėti
gebėsi, gebėti
gebės, gebėti
gebėsime, gebėti
gebėsite, gebėti
gebėčiau, gebėti
gebėtum(ei), gebėti
gebėtų, gebėti
gebėtu(mė)me, gebėti
gebėtu(mė)te, gebėti
gedėti, gedėti
gedžiu, gedėti
gedi, gedėti
gedi, gedėti
gedime, gedėti
gedite, gedėti
gedėk, gedėti
gedėkite, gedėti
gedėkime, gedėti
gedėjau, gedėti
gedėjai, gedėti
gedėjo, gedėti
gedėjome, gedėti
gedėjote, gedėti
gedėdavau, gedėti
gedėdavai, gedėti
gedėdavo, gedėti
gedėdavome, gedėti
gedėdavote, gedėti
gedėsiu, gedėti
gedėsi, gedėti
gedės, gedėti
gedėsime, gedėti
gedėsite, gedėti
gedėčiau, gedėti
gedėtum(ei), gedėti
gedėtų, gedėti
gedėtu(mė)me, gedėti
gedėtu(mė)te, gedėti
gėdinti, gėdinti
gėdinu, gėdinti
gėdini, gėdinti
gėdina, gėdinti
gėdiname, gėdinti
gėdinate, gėdinti
gėdink, gėdinti
gėdinkite, gėdinti
gėdinkime, gėdinti
gėdinau, gėdinti
gėdinai, gėdinti
gėdino, gėdinti
gėdinome, gėdinti
gėdinote, gėdinti
gėdindavau, gėdinti
gėdindavai, gėdinti
gėdindavo, gėdinti
gėdindavome, gėdinti
gėdindavote, gėdinti
gėdinsiu, gėdinti
gėdinsi, gėdinti
gėdins, gėdinti
gėdinsime, gėdinti
gėdinsite, gėdinti
gėdinčiau, gėdinti
gėdintum(ei), gėdinti
gėdintų, gėdinti
gėdintu(mė)me, gėdinti
gėdintu(mė)te, gėdinti
gėdyti, gėdyti
gėdyju, gėdyti
gėdyji, gėdyti
gėdyja, gėdyti
gėdyjame, gėdyti
gėdyjate, gėdyti
gėdyk, gėdyti
gėdykite, gėdyti
gėdykime, gėdyti
gėdyjau, gėdyti
gėdyjai, gėdyti
gėdyjo, gėdyti
gėdyjome, gėdyti
gėdyjote, gėdyti
gėdydavau, gėdyti
gėdydavai, gėdyti
gėdydavo, gėdyti
gėdydavome, gėdyti
gėdydavote, gėdyti
gėdysiu, gėdyti
gėdysi, gėdyti
gėdys, gėdyti
gėdysime, gėdyti
gėdysite, gėdyti
gėdyčiau, gėdyti
gėdytum(ei), gėdyti
gėdytų, gėdyti
gėdytu(mė)me, gėdyti
gėdytu(mė)te, gėdyti
geibti, geibti
geibstu, geibti
geibsti, geibti
geibsta, geibti
geibstame, geibti
geibstate, geibti
geibk, geibti
geibkite, geibti
geibkime, geibti
geibau, geibti
geibai, geibti
geibo, geibti
geibome, geibti
geibote, geibti
geibdavau, geibti
geibdavai, geibti
geibdavo, geibti
geibdavome, geibti
geibdavote, geibti
geibsiu, geibti
geibsi, geibti
geibs, geibti
geibsime, geibti
geibsite, geibti
geibčiau, geibti
geibtum(ei), geibti
geibtų, geibti
geibtu(mė)me, geibti
geibtu(mė)te, geibti
geisti, geisti
geidžiu, geisti
geidži, geisti
geidžia, geisti
geidžiame, geisti
geidžiate, geisti
geisk, geisti
geiskite, geisti
geiskime, geisti
geidei, geisti
geidė, geisti
geidėme, geisti
geidėte, geisti
geisdavau, geisti
geisdavai, geisti
geisdavo, geisti
geisdavome, geisti
geisdavote, geisti
geisiu, geisti
geisi, geisti
geis, geisti
geisime, geisti
geisite, geisti
geisčiau, geisti
geistum(ei), geisti
geistų, geisti
geistu(mė)me, geisti
geistu(mė)te, geisti
gelbėti, gelbėti
gelbėju, gelbėti
gelbėji, gelbėti
gelbėja, gelbėti
gelbėjame, gelbėti
gelbėjate, gelbėti
gelbėk, gelbėti
gelbėkite, gelbėti
gelbėkime, gelbėti
gelbėjau, gelbėti
gelbėjai, gelbėti
gelbėjo, gelbėti
gelbėjome, gelbėti
gelbėjote, gelbėti
gelbėdavau, gelbėti
gelbėdavai, gelbėti
gelbėdavo, gelbėti
gelbėdavome, gelbėti
gelbėdavote, gelbėti
gelbėsiu, gelbėti
gelbėsi, gelbėti
gelbės, gelbėti
gelbėsime, gelbėti
gelbėsite, gelbėti
gelbėčiau, gelbėti
gelbėtum(ei), gelbėti
gelbėtų, gelbėti
gelbėtu(mė)me, gelbėti
gelbėtu(mė)te, gelbėti
gelsti, gelsti
gelstu, gelsti
gelsti, gelsti
gelsta, gelsti
gelstame, gelsti
gelstate, gelsti
gelsk, gelsti
gelskite, gelsti
gelskime, gelsti
geltau, gelsti
geltai, gelsti
gelto, gelsti
geltome, gelsti
geltote, gelsti
gelsdavau, gelsti
gelsdavai, gelsti
gelsdavo, gelsti
gelsdavome, gelsti
gelsdavote, gelsti
gelsiu, gelsti
gelsi, gelsti
gels, gelsti
gelsime, gelsti
gelsite, gelsti
gelsčiau, gelsti
gelstum(ei), gelsti
gelstų, gelsti
gelstu(mė)me, gelsti
gelstu(mė)te, gelsti
gelsvinti, gelsvinti
gelsvinu, gelsvinti
gelsvini, gelsvinti
gelsvina, gelsvinti
gelsviname, gelsvinti
gelsvinate, gelsvinti
gelsvink, gelsvinti
gelsvinkite, gelsvinti
gelsvinkime, gelsvinti
gelsvinau, gelsvinti
gelsvinai, gelsvinti
gelsvino, gelsvinti
gelsvinome, gelsvinti
gelsvinote, gelsvinti
gelsvindavau, gelsvinti
gelsvindavai, gelsvinti
gelsvindavo, gelsvinti
gelsvindavome, gelsvinti
gelsvindavote, gelsvinti
gelsvinsiu, gelsvinti
gelsvinsi, gelsvinti
gelsvins, gelsvinti
gelsvinsime, gelsvinti
gelsvinsite, gelsvinti
gelsvinčiau, gelsvinti
gelsvintum(ei), gelsvinti
gelsvintų, gelsvinti
gelsvintu(mė)me, gelsvinti
gelsvintu(mė)te, gelsvinti
gelti, gelti
geliu, gelti
geli, gelti
gelia, gelti
geliame, gelti
geliate, gelti
gelk, gelti
gelkite, gelti
gelkime, gelti
gėliau, gelti
gėlei, gelti
gėlė, gelti
gėlėme, gelti
gėlėte, gelti
geldavau, gelti
geldavai, gelti
geldavo, gelti
geldavome, gelti
geldavote, gelti
gelsiu, gelti
gelsi, gelti
gels, gelti
gelsime, gelti
gelsite, gelti
gelčiau, gelti
geltum(ei), gelti
geltų, gelti
geltu(mė)me, gelti
geltu(mė)te, gelti
geltonėti, geltonėti
geltonėju, geltonėti
geltonėji, geltonėti
geltonėja, geltonėti
geltonėjame, geltonėti
geltonėjate, geltonėti
geltonėk, geltonėti
geltonėkite, geltonėti
geltonėkime, geltonėti
geltonėjau, geltonėti
geltonėjai, geltonėti
geltonėjo, geltonėti
geltonėjome, geltonėti
geltonėjote, geltonėti
geltonėdavau, geltonėti
geltonėdavai, geltonėti
geltonėdavo, geltonėti
geltonėdavome, geltonėti
geltonėdavote, geltonėti
geltonėsiu, geltonėti
geltonėsi, geltonėti
geltonės, geltonėti
geltonėsime, geltonėti
geltonėsite, geltonėti
geltonėčiau, geltonėti
geltonėtum(ei), geltonėti
geltonėtų, geltonėti
geltonėtu(mė)me, geltonėti
geltonėtu(mė)te, geltonėti
geltoninti, geltoninti
geltoninu, geltoninti
geltonini, geltoninti
geltonina, geltoninti
geltoniname, geltoninti
geltoninate, geltoninti
geltonink, geltoninti
geltoninkite, geltoninti
geltoninkime, geltoninti
geltoninau, geltoninti
geltoninai, geltoninti
geltonino, geltoninti
geltoninome, geltoninti
geltoninote, geltoninti
geltonindavau, geltoninti
geltonindavai, geltoninti
geltonindavo, geltoninti
geltonindavome, geltoninti
geltonindavote, geltoninti
geltoninsiu, geltoninti
geltoninsi, geltoninti
geltonins, geltoninti
geltoninsime, geltoninti
geltoninsite, geltoninti
geltoninčiau, geltoninti
geltonintum(ei), geltoninti
geltonintų, geltoninti
geltonintu(mė)me, geltoninti
geltonintu(mė)te, geltoninti
geltonuoti, geltonuoti
geltonuoju, geltonuoti
geltonuoji, geltonuoti
geltonuoja, geltonuoti
geltonuojame, geltonuoti
geltonuojate, geltonuoti
geltonuok, geltonuoti
geltonuokite, geltonuoti
geltonuokime, geltonuoti
geltonavau, geltonuoti
geltonavai, geltonuoti
geltonavo, geltonuoti
geltonavome, geltonuoti
geltonavote, geltonuoti
geltonuodavau, geltonuoti
geltonuodavai, geltonuoti
geltonuodavo, geltonuoti
geltonuodavome, geltonuoti
geltonuodavote, geltonuoti
geltonuosiu, geltonuoti
geltonuosi, geltonuoti
geltonuos, geltonuoti
geltonuosime, geltonuoti
geltonuosite, geltonuoti
geltonuočiau, geltonuoti
geltonuotum(ei), geltonuoti
geltonuotų, geltonuoti
geltonuotu(mė)me, geltonuoti
geltonuotu(mė)te, geltonuoti
genėti, genėti
genėju, genėti
genėji, genėti
genėja, genėti
genėjame, genėti
genėjate, genėti
genėk, genėti
genėkite, genėti
genėkime, genėti
genėjau, genėti
genėjai, genėti
genėjo, genėti
genėjome, genėti
genėjote, genėti
genėdavau, genėti
genėdavai, genėti
genėdavo, genėti
genėdavome, genėti
genėdavote, genėti
genėsiu, genėti
genėsi, genėti
genės, genėti
genėsime, genėti
genėsite, genėti
genėčiau, genėti
genėtum(ei), genėti
genėtų, genėti
genėtu(mė)me, genėti
genėtu(mė)te, genėti
gerbti, gerbti
gerbiu, gerbti
gerbi, gerbti
gerbia, gerbti
gerbiame, gerbti
gerbiate, gerbti
gerbk, gerbti
gerbkite, gerbti
gerbkime, gerbti
gerbiau, gerbti
gerbei, gerbti
gerbė, gerbti
gerbėme, gerbti
gerbėte, gerbti
gerbdavau, gerbti
gerbdavai, gerbti
gerbdavo, gerbti
gerbdavome, gerbti
gerbdavote, gerbti
gerbsiu, gerbti
gerbsi, gerbti
gerbs, gerbti
gerbsime, gerbti
gerbsite, gerbti
gerbčiau, gerbti
gerbtum(ei), gerbti
gerbtų, gerbti
gerbtu(mė)me, gerbti
gerbtu(mė)te, gerbti
gerėti, gerėti
gerėju, gerėti
gerėji, gerėti
gerėja, gerėti
gerėjame, gerėti
gerėjate, gerėti
gerėk, gerėti
gerėkite, gerėti
gerėkime, gerėti
gerėjau, gerėti
gerėjai, gerėti
gerėjo, gerėti
gerėjome, gerėti
gerėjote, gerėti
gerėdavau, gerėti
gerėdavai, gerėti
gerėdavo, gerėti
gerėdavome, gerėti
gerėdavote, gerėti
gerėsiu, gerėti
gerėsi, gerėti
gerės, gerėti
gerėsime, gerėti
gerėsite, gerėti
gerėčiau, gerėti
gerėtum(ei), gerėti
gerėtų, gerėti
gerėtu(mė)me, gerėti
gerėtu(mė)te, gerėti
gerinti, gerinti
gerinu, gerinti
gerini, gerinti
gerina, gerinti
geriname, gerinti
gerinate, gerinti
gerink, gerinti
gerinkite, gerinti
gerinkime, gerinti
gerinau, gerinti
gerinai, gerinti
gerino, gerinti
gerinome, gerinti
gerinote, gerinti
gerindavau, gerinti
gerindavai, gerinti
gerindavo, gerinti
gerindavome, gerinti
gerindavote, gerinti
gerinsiu, gerinti
gerinsi, gerinti
gerins, gerinti
gerinsime, gerinti
gerinsite, gerinti
gerinčiau, gerinti
gerintum(ei), gerinti
gerintų, gerinti
gerintu(mė)me, gerinti
gerintu(mė)te, gerinti
gerti, gerti
geriu, gerti
geri, gerti
geria, gerti
geriame, gerti
geriate, gerti
gerk, gerti
gerkite, gerti
gerkime, gerti
gėriau, gerti
gėrei, gerti
gėrė, gerti
gėrėme, gerti
gėrėte, gerti
gerdavau, gerti
gerdavai, gerti
gerdavo, gerti
gerdavome, gerti
gerdavote, gerti
gersiu, gerti
gersi, gerti
gers, gerti
gersime, gerti
gersite, gerti
gerčiau, gerti
gertum(ei), gerti
gertų, gerti
gertu(mė)me, gerti
gertu(mė)te, gerti
gervuogiauti, gervuogiauti
gervuogiauju, gervuogiauti
gervuogiauji, gervuogiauti
gervuogiauja, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaujame, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaujate, gervuogiauti
gervuogiauk, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaukite, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaukime, gervuogiauti
gervuogiavau, gervuogiauti
gervuogiavai, gervuogiauti
gervuogiavo, gervuogiauti
gervuogiavome, gervuogiauti
gervuogiavote, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaudavau, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaudavai, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaudavo, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaudavome, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaudavote, gervuogiauti
gervuogiausiu, gervuogiauti
gervuogiausi, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaus, gervuogiauti
gervuogiausime, gervuogiauti
gervuogiausite, gervuogiauti
gervuogiaučiau, gervuogiauti
gervuogiautum(ei), gervuogiauti
gervuogiautų, gervuogiauti
gervuogiautu(mė)me, gervuogiauti
gervuogiautu(mė)te, gervuogiauti
gesinti, gesinti
gesinu, gesinti
gesini, gesinti
gesina, gesinti
gesiname, gesinti
gesinate, gesinti
gesink, gesinti
gesinkite, gesinti
gesinkime, gesinti
gesinau, gesinti
gesinai, gesinti
gesino, gesinti
gesinome, gesinti
gesinote, gesinti
gesindavau, gesinti
gesindavai, gesinti
gesindavo, gesinti
gesindavome, gesinti
gesindavote, gesinti
gesinsiu, gesinti
gesinsi, gesinti
gesins, gesinti
gesinsime, gesinti
gesinsite, gesinti
gesinčiau, gesinti
gesintum(ei), gesinti
gesintų, gesinti
gesintu(mė)me, gesinti
gesintu(mė)te, gesinti
gesti, gesti
gendžu, gesti
gendi, gesti
genda, gesti
gendame, gesti
gendate, gesti
gesk, gesti
geskite, gesti
geskime, gesti
gedau, gesti
gedai, gesti
gedo, gesti
gedome, gesti
gedote, gesti
gesdavau, gesti
gesdavai, gesti
gesdavo, gesti
gesdavome, gesti
gesdavote, gesti
gesiu, gesti
gesi, gesti
ges, gesti
gesime, gesti
gesite, gesti
gesčiau, gesti
gestum(ei), gesti
gestų, gesti
gestu(mė)me, gesti
gestu(mė)te, gesti
giedoti, giedoti
giedoju, giedoti
giedoji, giedoti
giedoja, giedoti
giedojame, giedoti
giedojate, giedoti
giedok, giedoti
giedokite, giedoti
giedokime, giedoti
giedojau, giedoti
giedojai, giedoti
giedojo, giedoti
giedojome, giedoti
giedojote, giedoti
giedodavau, giedoti
giedodavai, giedoti
giedodavo, giedoti
giedodavome, giedoti
giedodavote, giedoti
giedosiu, giedoti
giedosi, giedoti
giedos, giedoti
giedosime, giedoti
giedosite, giedoti
giedočiau, giedoti
giedotum(ei), giedoti
giedotų, giedoti
giedotu(mė)me, giedoti
giedotu(mė)te, giedoti
giedrėti, giedrėti
giedrėju, giedrėti
giedrėji, giedrėti
giedrėja, giedrėti
giedrėjame, giedrėti
giedrėjate, giedrėti
giedrėk, giedrėti
giedrėkite, giedrėti
giedrėkime, giedrėti
giedrėjau, giedrėti
giedrėjai, giedrėti
giedrėjo, giedrėti
giedrėjome, giedrėti
giedrėjote, giedrėti
giedrėdavau, giedrėti
giedrėdavai, giedrėti
giedrėdavo, giedrėti
giedrėdavome, giedrėti
giedrėdavote, giedrėti
giedrėsiu, giedrėti
giedrėsi, giedrėti
giedrės, giedrėti
giedrėsime, giedrėti
giedrėsite, giedrėti
giedrėčiau, giedrėti
giedrėtum(ei), giedrėti
giedrėtų, giedrėti
giedrėtu(mė)me, giedrėti
giedrėtu(mė)te, giedrėti
giedryti, giedryti
giedriju, giedryti
giedriji, giedryti
giedrija, giedryti
giedrijame, giedryti
giedrijate, giedryti
giedryk, giedryti
giedrykite, giedryti
giedrykime, giedryti
giedrijau, giedryti
giedrijai, giedryti
giedrijo, giedryti
giedrijome, giedryti
giedrijote, giedryti
giedrydavau, giedryti
giedrydavai, giedryti
giedrydavo, giedryti
giedrydavome, giedryti
giedrydavote, giedryti
giedrysiu, giedryti
giedrysi, giedryti
giedris, giedryti
giedrysime, giedryti
giedrysite, giedryti
giedryčiau, giedryti
giedrytum(ei), giedryti
giedrytų, giedryti
giedrytu(mė)me, giedryti
giedrytu(mė)te, giedryti
gilėti, gilėti
gilėju, gilėti
gilėji, gilėti
gilėja, gilėti
gilėjame, gilėti
gilėjate, gilėti
gilėk, gilėti
gilėkite, gilėti
gilėkime, gilėti
gilėjau, gilėti
gilėjai, gilėti
gilėjo, gilėti
gilėjome, gilėti
gilėjote, gilėti
gilėdavau, gilėti
gilėdavai, gilėti
gilėdavo, gilėti
gilėdavome, gilėti
gilėdavote, gilėti
gilėsiu, gilėti
gilėsi, gilėti
gilės, gilėti
gilėsime, gilėti
gilėsite, gilėti
gilėčiau, gilėti
gilėtum(ei), gilėti
gilėtų, gilėti
gilėtu(mė)me, gilėti
gilėtu(mė)te, gilėti
gilinti, gilinti
gilinu, gilinti
gilini, gilinti
gilina, gilinti
giliname, gilinti
gilinate, gilinti
gilink, gilinti
gilinkite, gilinti
gilinkime, gilinti
gilinau, gilinti
gilinai, gilinti
gilino, gilinti
gilinome, gilinti
gilinote, gilinti
gilindavau, gilinti
gilindavai, gilinti
gilindavo, gilinti
gilindavome, gilinti
gilindavote, gilinti
gilinsiu, gilinti
gilinsi, gilinti
gilins, gilinti
gilinsime, gilinti
gilinsite, gilinti
gilinčiau, gilinti
gilintum(ei), gilinti
gilintų, gilinti
gilintu(mė)me, gilinti
gilintu(mė)te, gilinti
gilti, gilti
gylu, gilti
gyli, gilti
gyla, gilti
gylame, gilti
gylate, gilti
gilk, gilti
gilkite, gilti
gilkime, gilti
gyliau, gilti
gylei, gilti
gylė, gilti
gylėme, gilti
gylėte, gilti
gildavau, gilti
gildavai, gilti
gildavo, gilti
gildavome, gilti
gildavote, gilti
gilsiu, gilti
gilsi, gilti
gils, gilti
gilsime, gilti
gilsite, gilti
gilčiau, gilti
giltum(ei), gilti
giltų, gilti
giltu(mė)me, gilti
giltu(mė)te, gilti
gimdyti, gimdyti
gimdžau, gimdyti
gimdai, gimdyti
gimdo, gimdyti
gimdome, gimdyti
gimdote, gimdyti
gimdyk, gimdyti
gimdykite, gimdyti
gimdykime, gimdyti
gimdei, gimdyti
gimdė, gimdyti
gimdėme, gimdyti
gimdėte, gimdyti
gimdydavau, gimdyti
gimdydavai, gimdyti
gimdydavo, gimdyti
gimdydavome, gimdyti
gimdydavote, gimdyti
gimdysiu, gimdyti
gimdysi, gimdyti
gimdys, gimdyti
gimdysime, gimdyti
gimdysite, gimdyti
gimdyčiau, gimdyti
gimdytum(ei), gimdyti
gimdytų, gimdyti
gimdytu(mė)me, gimdyti
gimdytu(mė)te, gimdyti
gimti, gimti
gimstu, gimti
gimsti, gimti
gimsta, gimti
gimstame, gimti
gimstate, gimti
gimk, gimti
gimkite, gimti
gimkime, gimti
gimiau, gimti
gimei, gimti
gimė, gimti
gimėme, gimti
gimėte, gimti
gimdavau, gimti
gimdavai, gimti
gimdavo, gimti
gimdavome, gimti
gimdavote, gimti
gimsiu, gimti
gimsi, gimti
gims, gimti
gimsime, gimti
gimsite, gimti
gimčiau, gimti
gimtum(ei), gimti
gimtų, gimti
gimtu(mė)me, gimti
gimtu(mė)te, gimti
ginčyti, ginčyti
ginčiju, ginčyti
ginčiji, ginčyti
ginčija, ginčyti
ginčijame, ginčyti
ginčijate, ginčyti
ginčyk, ginčyti
ginčykite, ginčyti
ginčykime, ginčyti
ginčijau, ginčyti
ginčijai, ginčyti
ginčijo, ginčyti
ginčijome, ginčyti
ginčijote, ginčyti
ginčydavau, ginčyti
ginčydavai, ginčyti
ginčydavo, ginčyti
ginčydavome, ginčyti
ginčydavote, ginčyti
ginčysiu, ginčyti
ginčysi, ginčyti
ginčis, ginčyti
ginčysime, ginčyti
ginčysite, ginčyti
ginčyčiau, ginčyti
ginčytum(ei), ginčyti
ginčytų, ginčyti
ginčytu(mė)me, ginčyti
ginčytu(mė)te, ginčyti
ginkluoti, ginkluoti
ginkluoju, ginkluoti
ginkluoji, ginkluoti
ginkluoja, ginkluoti
ginkluojame, ginkluoti
ginkluojate, ginkluoti
ginkluok, ginkluoti
ginkluokite, ginkluoti
ginkluokime, ginkluoti
ginklavau, ginkluoti
ginklavai, ginkluoti
ginklavo, ginkluoti
ginklavome, ginkluoti
ginklavote, ginkluoti
ginkluodavau, ginkluoti
ginkluodavai, ginkluoti
ginkluodavo, ginkluoti
ginkluodavome, ginkluoti
ginkluodavote, ginkluoti
ginkluosiu, ginkluoti
ginkluosi, ginkluoti
ginkluos, ginkluoti
ginkluosime, ginkluoti
ginkluosite, ginkluoti
ginkluočiau, ginkluoti
ginkluotum(ei), ginkluoti
ginkluotų, ginkluoti
ginkluotu(mė)me, ginkluoti
ginkluotu(mė)te, ginkluoti
ginti, ginti
ginu, ginti
gini, ginti
gina, ginti
giname, ginti
ginate, ginti
gink, ginti
ginkite, ginti
ginkime, ginti
gyniau, ginti
gynei, ginti
gynė, ginti
gynėme, ginti
gynėte, ginti
gindavau, ginti
gindavai, ginti
gindavo, ginti
gindavome, ginti
gindavote, ginti
ginsiu, ginti
ginsi, ginti
gins, ginti
ginsime, ginti
ginsite, ginti
ginčiau, ginti
gintum(ei), ginti
gintų, ginti
gintu(mė)me, ginti
gintu(mė)te, ginti
girdėti, girdėti
girdžiu, girdėti
girdi, girdėti
girdi, girdėti
girdime, girdėti
girdite, girdėti
girdėk, girdėti
girdėkite, girdėti
girdėkime, girdėti
girdėjau, girdėti
girdėjai, girdėti
girdėjo, girdėti
girdėjome, girdėti
girdėjote, girdėti
girdėdavau, girdėti
girdėdavai, girdėti
girdėdavo, girdėti
girdėdavome, girdėti
girdėdavote, girdėti
girdėsiu, girdėti
girdėsi, girdėti
girdės, girdėti
girdėsime, girdėti
girdėsite, girdėti
girdėčiau, girdėti
girdėtum(ei), girdėti
girdėtų, girdėti
girdėtu(mė)me, girdėti
girdėtu(mė)te, girdėti
girdyti, girdyti
girdžau, girdyti
girdai, girdyti
girdo, girdyti
girdome, girdyti
girdote, girdyti
girdyk, girdyti
girdykite, girdyti
girdykime, girdyti
girdei, girdyti
girdė, girdyti
girdėme, girdyti
girdėte, girdyti
girdydavau, girdyti
girdydavai, girdyti
girdydavo, girdyti
girdydavome, girdyti
girdydavote, girdyti
girdysiu, girdyti
girdysi, girdyti
girdys, girdyti
girdysime, girdyti
girdysite, girdyti
girdyčiau, girdyti
girdytum(ei), girdyti
girdytų, girdyti
girdytu(mė)me, girdyti
girdytu(mė)te, girdyti
girgždėti, girgždėti
girgždžu, girgždėti
girgždi, girgždėti
girgžda, girgždėti
girgždame, girgždėti
girgždate, girgždėti
girgždėk, girgždėti
girgždėkite, girgždėti
girgždėkime, girgždėti
girgždėjau, girgždėti
girgždėjai, girgždėti
girgždėjo, girgždėti
girgždėjome, girgždėti
girgždėjote, girgždėti
girgždėdavau, girgždėti
girgždėdavai, girgždėti
girgždėdavo, girgždėti
girgždėdavome, girgždėti
girgždėdavote, girgždėti
girgždėsiu, girgždėti
girgždėsi, girgždėti
girgždės, girgždėti
girgždėsime, girgždėti
girgždėsite, girgždėti
girgždėčiau, girgždėti
girgždėtum(ei), girgždėti
girgždėtų, girgždėti
girgždėtu(mė)me, girgždėti
girgždėtu(mė)te, girgždėti
girtauti, girtauti
girtauju, girtauti
girtauji, girtauti
girtauja, girtauti
girtaujame, girtauti
girtaujate, girtauti
girtauk, girtauti
girtaukite, girtauti
girtaukime, girtauti
girtavau, girtauti
girtavai, girtauti
girtavo, girtauti
girtavome, girtauti
girtavote, girtauti
girtaudavau, girtauti
girtaudavai, girtauti
girtaudavo, girtauti
girtaudavome, girtauti
girtaudavote, girtauti
girtausiu, girtauti
girtausi, girtauti
girtaus, girtauti
girtausime, girtauti
girtausite, girtauti
girtaučiau, girtauti
girtautum(ei), girtauti
girtautų, girtauti
girtautu(mė)me, girtauti
girtautu(mė)te, girtauti
girti, girti
giriu, girti
giri, girti
giria, girti
giriame, girti
giriate, girti
girk, girti
girkite, girti
girkime, girti
gyriau, girti
gyrei, girti
gyrė, girti
gyrėme, girti
gyrėte, girti
girdavau, girti
girdavai, girti
girdavo, girti
girdavome, girti
girdavote, girti
girsiu, girti
girsi, girti
girs, girti
girsime, girti
girsite, girti
girčiau, girti
girtum(ei), girti
girtų, girti
girtu(mė)me, girti
girtu(mė)te, girti
gižti, gižti
gyžtu, gižti
gyžti, gižti
gyžta, gižti
gyžtame, gižti
gyžtate, gižti
gižk, gižti
gižkite, gižti
gižkime, gižti
gižau, gižti
gižai, gižti
gižo, gižti
gižome, gižti
gižote, gižti
giždavau, gižti
giždavai, gižti
giždavo, gižti
giždavome, gižti
giždavote, gižti
gižšiu, gižti
gižši, gižti
gižš, gižti
gižšime, gižti
gižšite, gižti
gižčiau, gižti
gižtum(ei), gižti
gižtų, gižti
gižtu(mė)me, gižti
gižtu(mė)te, gižti
glamonėti, glamonėti
glamonėju, glamonėti
glamonėji, glamonėti
glamonėja, glamonėti
glamonėjame, glamonėti
glamonėjate, glamonėti
glamonėk, glamonėti
glamonėkite, glamonėti
glamonėkime, glamonėti
glamonėjau, glamonėti
glamonėjai, glamonėti
glamonėjo, glamonėti
glamonėjome, glamonėti
glamonėjote, glamonėti
glamonėdavau, glamonėti
glamonėdavai, glamonėti
glamonėdavo, glamonėti
glamonėdavome, glamonėti
glamonėdavote, glamonėti
glamonėsiu, glamonėti
glamonėsi, glamonėti
glamonės, glamonėti
glamonėsime, glamonėti
glamonėsite, glamonėti
glamonėčiau, glamonėti
glamonėtum(ei), glamonėti
glamonėtų, glamonėti
glamonėtu(mė)me, glamonėti
glamonėtu(mė)te, glamonėti
glaudyti, glaudyti
glaudžau, glaudyti
glaudai, glaudyti
glaudo, glaudyti
glaudome, glaudyti
glaudote, glaudyti
glaudyk, glaudyti
glaudykite, glaudyti
glaudykime, glaudyti
glaudei, glaudyti
glaudė, glaudyti
glaudėme, glaudyti
glaudėte, glaudyti
glaudydavau, glaudyti
glaudydavai, glaudyti
glaudydavo, glaudyti
glaudydavome, glaudyti
glaudydavote, glaudyti
glaudysiu, glaudyti
glaudysi, glaudyti
glaudys, glaudyti
glaudysime, glaudyti
glaudysite, glaudyti
glaudyčiau, glaudyti
glaudytum(ei), glaudyti
glaudytų, glaudyti
glaudytu(mė)me, glaudyti
glaudytu(mė)te, glaudyti
glausti, glausti
glaudžiu, glausti
glaudži, glausti
glaudžia, glausti
glaudžiame, glausti
glaudžiate, glausti
glausk, glausti
glauskite, glausti
glauskime, glausti
glaudei, glausti
glaudė, glausti
glaudėme, glausti
glaudėte, glausti
glausdavau, glausti
glausdavai, glausti
glausdavo, glausti
glausdavome, glausti
glausdavote, glausti
glausiu, glausti
glausi, glausti
glaus, glausti
glausime, glausti
glausite, glausti
glausčiau, glausti
glaustum(ei), glausti
glaustų, glausti
glaustu(mė)me, glausti
glaustu(mė)te, glausti
glėbti, glėbti
glėbiu, glėbti
glėbi, glėbti
glėbia, glėbti
glėbiame, glėbti
glėbiate, glėbti
glėbk, glėbti
glėbkite, glėbti
glėbkime, glėbti
glėbiau, glėbti
glėbei, glėbti
glėbė, glėbti
glėbėme, glėbti
glėbėte, glėbti
glėbdavau, glėbti
glėbdavai, glėbti
glėbdavo, glėbti
glėbdavome, glėbti
glėbdavote, glėbti
glėbsiu, glėbti
glėbsi, glėbti
glėbs, glėbti
glėbsime, glėbti
glėbsite, glėbti
glėbčiau, glėbti
glėbtum(ei), glėbti
glėbtų, glėbti
glėbtu(mė)me, glėbti
glėbtu(mė)te, glėbti
glerti, glerti
glęru, glerti
glęri, glerti
glęra, glerti
glęrame, glerti
glęrate, glerti
glerk, glerti
glerkite, glerti
glerkime, glerti
glerau, glerti
glerai, glerti
glero, glerti
glerome, glerti
glerote, glerti
glerdavau, glerti
glerdavai, glerti
glerdavo, glerti
glerdavome, glerti
glerdavote, glerti
glersiu, glerti
glersi, glerti
glers, glerti
glersime, glerti
glersite, glerti
glerčiau, glerti
glertum(ei), glerti
glertų, glerti
glertu(mė)me, glerti
glertu(mė)te, glerti
gležti, gležti
glęžtu, gležti
glęžti, gležti
glęžta, gležti
glęžtame, gležti
glęžtate, gležti
gležk, gležti
gležkite, gležti
gležkime, gležti
gležau, gležti
gležai, gležti
gležo, gležti
gležome, gležti
gležote, gležti
gleždavau, gležti
gleždavai, gležti
gleždavo, gležti
gleždavome, gležti
gleždavote, gležti
gležšiu, gležti
gležši, gležti
gležš, gležti
gležšime, gležti
gležšite, gležti
gležčiau, gležti
gležtum(ei), gležti
gležtų, gležti
gležtu(mė)me, gležti
gležtu(mė)te, gležti
globoti, globoti
globoju, globoti
globoji, globoti
globoja, globoti
globojame, globoti
globojate, globoti
globok, globoti
globokite, globoti
globokime, globoti
globojau, globoti
globojai, globoti
globojo, globoti
globojome, globoti
globojote, globoti
globodavau, globoti
globodavai, globoti
globodavo, globoti
globodavome, globoti
globodavote, globoti
globosiu, globoti
globosi, globoti
globos, globoti
globosime, globoti
globosite, globoti
globočiau, globoti
globotum(ei), globoti
globotų, globoti
globotu(mė)me, globoti
globotu(mė)te, globoti
glostyti, glostyti
glostau, glostyti
glostai, glostyti
glosto, glostyti
glostome, glostyti
glostote, glostyti
glostyk, glostyti
glostykite, glostyti
glostykime, glostyti
glostei, glostyti
glostė, glostyti
glostėme, glostyti
glostėte, glostyti
glostydavau, glostyti
glostydavai, glostyti
glostydavo, glostyti
glostydavome, glostyti
glostydavote, glostyti
glostysiu, glostyti
glostysi, glostyti
glostys, glostyti
glostysime, glostyti
glostysite, glostyti
glostyčiau, glostyti
glostytum(ei), glostyti
glostytų, glostyti
glostytu(mė)me, glostyti
glostytu(mė)te, glostyti
glūdėti, glūdėti
glūdžiu, glūdėti
glūdi, glūdėti
glūdi, glūdėti
glūdime, glūdėti
glūdite, glūdėti
glūdėk, glūdėti
glūdėkite, glūdėti
glūdėkime, glūdėti
glūdėjau, glūdėti
glūdėjai, glūdėti
glūdėjo, glūdėti
glūdėjome, glūdėti
glūdėjote, glūdėti
glūdėdavau, glūdėti
glūdėdavai, glūdėti
glūdėdavo, glūdėti
glūdėdavome, glūdėti
glūdėdavote, glūdėti
glūdėsiu, glūdėti
glūdėsi, glūdėti
glūdės, glūdėti
glūdėsime, glūdėti
glūdėsite, glūdėti
glūdėčiau, glūdėti
glūdėtum(ei), glūdėti
glūdėtų, glūdėti
glūdėtu(mė)me, glūdėti
glūdėtu(mė)te, glūdėti
gnaibyti, gnaibyti
gnaibau, gnaibyti
gnaibai, gnaibyti
gnaibo, gnaibyti
gnaibome, gnaibyti
gnaibote, gnaibyti
gnaibyk, gnaibyti
gnaibykite, gnaibyti
gnaibykime, gnaibyti
gnaibiau, gnaibyti
gnaibei, gnaibyti
gnaibė, gnaibyti
gnaibėme, gnaibyti
gnaibėte, gnaibyti
gnaibydavau, gnaibyti
gnaibydavai, gnaibyti
gnaibydavo, gnaibyti
gnaibydavome, gnaibyti
gnaibydavote, gnaibyti
gnaibysiu, gnaibyti
gnaibysi, gnaibyti
gnaibys, gnaibyti
gnaibysime, gnaibyti
gnaibysite, gnaibyti
gnaibyčiau, gnaibyti
gnaibytum(ei), gnaibyti
gnaibytų, gnaibyti
gnaibytu(mė)me, gnaibyti
gnaibytu(mė)te, gnaibyti
gniuždyti, gniuždyti
gniuždžau, gniuždyti
gniuždai, gniuždyti
gniuždo, gniuždyti
gniuždome, gniuždyti
gniuždote, gniuždyti
gniuždyk, gniuždyti
gniuždykite, gniuždyti
gniuždykime, gniuždyti
gniuždei, gniuždyti
gniuždė, gniuždyti
gniuždėme, gniuždyti
gniuždėte, gniuždyti
gniuždydavau, gniuždyti
gniuždydavai, gniuždyti
gniuždydavo, gniuždyti
gniuždydavome, gniuždyti
gniuždydavote, gniuždyti
gniuždysiu, gniuždyti
gniuždysi, gniuždyti
gniuždys, gniuždyti
gniuždysime, gniuždyti
gniuždysite, gniuždyti
gniuždyčiau, gniuždyti
gniuždytum(ei), gniuždyti
gniuždytų, gniuždyti
gniuždytu(mė)me, gniuždyti
gniuždytu(mė)te, gniuždyti
gniužti, gniužti
gniužtu, gniužti
gniužti, gniužti
gniužta, gniužti
gniužtame, gniužti
gniužtate, gniužti
gniužk, gniužti
gniužkite, gniužti
gniužkime, gniužti
gniužau, gniužti
gniužai, gniužti
gniužo, gniužti
gniužome, gniužti
gniužote, gniužti
gniuždavau, gniužti
gniuždavai, gniužti
gniuždavo, gniužti
gniuždavome, gniužti
gniuždavote, gniužti
gniužšiu, gniužti
gniužši, gniužti
gniužš, gniužti
gniužšime, gniužti
gniužšite, gniužti
gniužčiau, gniužti
gniužtum(ei), gniužti
gniužtų, gniužti
gniužtu(mė)me, gniužti
gniužtu(mė)te, gniužti
gnybtelėti, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėju, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėji, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėja, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėjame, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėjate, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėk, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėkite, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėkime, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėjau, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėjai, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėjo, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėjome, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėjote, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėdavau, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėdavai, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėdavo, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėdavome, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėdavote, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėsiu, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėsi, gnybtelėti
gnybtelės, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėsime, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėsite, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėčiau, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėtum(ei), gnybtelėti
gnybtelėtų, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėtu(mė)me, gnybtelėti
gnybtelėtu(mė)te, gnybtelėti
gnybti, gnybti
gnybiu, gnybti
gnybi, gnybti
gnybia, gnybti
gnybiame, gnybti
gnybiate, gnybti
gnybk, gnybti
gnybkite, gnybti
gnybkime, gnybti
gnybiau, gnybti
gnybei, gnybti
gnybė, gnybti
gnybėme, gnybti
gnybėte, gnybti
gnybdavau, gnybti
gnybdavai, gnybti
gnybdavo, gnybti
gnybdavome, gnybti
gnybdavote, gnybti
gnybsiu, gnybti
gnybsi, gnybti
gnybs, gnybti
gnybsime, gnybti
gnybsite, gnybti
gnybčiau, gnybti
gnybtum(ei), gnybti
gnybtų, gnybti
gnybtu(mė)me, gnybti
gnybtu(mė)te, gnybti
godėti, godėti
godžiu, godėti
godi, godėti
godi, godėti
godime, godėti
godite, godėti
godėk, godėti
godėkite, godėti
godėkime, godėti
godėjau, godėti
godėjai, godėti
godėjo, godėti
godėjome, godėti
godėjote, godėti
godėdavau, godėti
godėdavai, godėti
godėdavo, godėti
godėdavome, godėti
godėdavote, godėti
godėsiu, godėti
godėsi, godėti
godės, godėti
godėsime, godėti
godėsite, godėti
godėčiau, godėti
godėtum(ei), godėti
godėtų, godėti
godėtu(mė)me, godėti
godėtu(mė)te, godėti
grabinėti, grabinėti
grabinėju, grabinėti
grabinėji, grabinėti
grabinėja, grabinėti
grabinėjame, grabinėti
grabinėjate, grabinėti
grabinėk, grabinėti
grabinėkite, grabinėti
grabinėkime, grabinėti
grabinėjau, grabinėti
grabinėjai, grabinėti
grabinėjo, grabinėti
grabinėjome, grabinėti
grabinėjote, grabinėti
grabinėdavau, grabinėti
grabinėdavai, grabinėti
grabinėdavo, grabinėti
grabinėdavome, grabinėti
grabinėdavote, grabinėti
grabinėsiu, grabinėti
grabinėsi, grabinėti
grabinės, grabinėti
grabinėsime, grabinėti
grabinėsite, grabinėti
grabinėčiau, grabinėti
grabinėtum(ei), grabinėti
grabinėtų, grabinėti
grabinėtu(mė)me, grabinėti
grabinėtu(mė)te, grabinėti
graibyti, graibyti
graibau, graibyti
graibai, graibyti
graibo, graibyti
graibome, graibyti
graibote, graibyti
graibyk, graibyti
graibykite, graibyti
graibykime, graibyti
graibiau, graibyti
graibei, graibyti
graibė, graibyti
graibėme, graibyti
graibėte, graibyti
graibydavau, graibyti
graibydavai, graibyti
graibydavo, graibyti
graibydavome, graibyti
graibydavote, graibyti
graibysiu, graibyti
graibysi, graibyti
graibys, graibyti
graibysime, graibyti
graibysite, graibyti
graibyčiau, graibyti
graibytum(ei), graibyti
graibytų, graibyti
graibytu(mė)me, graibyti
graibytu(mė)te, graibyti
gramdyti, gramdyti
gramdžau, gramdyti
gramdai, gramdyti
gramdo, gramdyti
gramdome, gramdyti
gramdote, gramdyti
gramdyk, gramdyti
gramdykite, gramdyti
gramdykime, gramdyti
gramdei, gramdyti
gramdė, gramdyti
gramdėme, gramdyti
gramdėte, gramdyti
gramdydavau, gramdyti
gramdydavai, gramdyti
gramdydavo, gramdyti
gramdydavome, gramdyti
gramdydavote, gramdyti
gramdysiu, gramdyti
gramdysi, gramdyti
gramdys, gramdyti
gramdysime, gramdyti
gramdysite, gramdyti
gramdyčiau, gramdyti
gramdytum(ei), gramdyti
gramdytų, gramdyti
gramdytu(mė)me, gramdyti
gramdytu(mė)te, gramdyti
grasinti, grasinti
grasinu, grasinti
grasini, grasinti
grasina, grasinti
grasiname, grasinti
grasinate, grasinti
grasink, grasinti
grasinkite, grasinti
grasinkime, grasinti
grasinau, grasinti
grasinai, grasinti
grasino, grasinti
grasinome, grasinti
grasinote, grasinti
grasindavau, grasinti
grasindavai, grasinti
grasindavo, grasinti
grasindavome, grasinti
grasindavote, grasinti
grasinsiu, grasinti
grasinsi, grasinti
grasins, grasinti
grasinsime, grasinti
grasinsite, grasinti
grasinčiau, grasinti
grasintum(ei), grasinti
grasintų, grasinti
grasintu(mė)me, grasinti
grasintu(mė)te, grasinti
graudenti, graudenti
graudenu, graudenti
graudeni, graudenti
graudena, graudenti
graudename, graudenti
graudenate, graudenti
graudenk, graudenti
graudenkite, graudenti
graudenkime, graudenti
graudenau, graudenti
graudenai, graudenti
graudeno, graudenti
graudenome, graudenti
graudenote, graudenti
graudendavau, graudenti
graudendavai, graudenti
graudendavo, graudenti
graudendavome, graudenti
graudendavote, graudenti
graudensiu, graudenti
graudensi, graudenti
graudens, graudenti
graudensime, graudenti
graudensite, graudenti
graudenčiau, graudenti
graudentum(ei), graudenti
graudentų, graudenti
graudentu(mė)me, graudenti
graudentu(mė)te, graudenti
graudinti, graudinti
graudinu, graudinti
graudini, graudinti
graudina, graudinti
graudiname, graudinti
graudinate, graudinti
graudink, graudinti
graudinkite, graudinti
graudinkime, graudinti
graudinau, graudinti
graudinai, graudinti
graudino, graudinti
graudinome, graudinti
graudinote, graudinti
graudindavau, graudinti
graudindavai, graudinti
graudindavo, graudinti
graudindavome, graudinti
graudindavote, graudinti
graudinsiu, graudinti
graudinsi, graudinti
graudins, graudinti
graudinsime, graudinti
graudinsite, graudinti
graudinčiau, graudinti
graudintum(ei), graudinti
graudintų, graudinti
graudintu(mė)me, graudinti
graudintu(mė)te, graudinti
graužti, graužti
graužiu, graužti
grauži, graužti
graužia, graužti
graužiame, graužti
graužiate, graužti
graužk, graužti
graužkite, graužti
graužkime, graužti
graužiau, graužti
graužei, graužti
graužė, graužti
graužėme, graužti
graužėte, graužti
grauždavau, graužti
grauždavai, graužti
grauždavo, graužti
grauždavome, graužti
grauždavote, graužti
graužšiu, graužti
graužši, graužti
graužš, graužti
graužšime, graužti
graužšite, graužti
graužčiau, graužti
graužtum(ei), graužti
graužtų, graužti
graužtu(mė)me, graužti
graužtu(mė)te, graužti
graviruoti, graviruoti
graviruoju, graviruoti
graviruoji, graviruoti
graviruoja, graviruoti
graviruojame, graviruoti
graviruojate, graviruoti
graviruok, graviruoti
graviruokite, graviruoti
graviruokime, graviruoti
graviravau, graviruoti
graviravai, graviruoti
graviravo, graviruoti
graviravome, graviruoti
graviravote, graviruoti
graviruodavau, graviruoti
graviruodavai, graviruoti
graviruodavo, graviruoti
graviruodavome, graviruoti
graviruodavote, graviruoti
graviruosiu, graviruoti
graviruosi, graviruoti
graviruos, graviruoti
graviruosime, graviruoti
graviruosite, graviruoti
graviruočiau, graviruoti
graviruotum(ei), graviruoti
graviruotų, graviruoti
graviruotu(mė)me, graviruoti
graviruotu(mė)te, graviruoti
gražėti, gražėti
gražėju, gražėti
gražėji, gražėti
gražėja, gražėti
gražėjame, gražėti
gražėjate, gražėti
gražėk, gražėti
gražėkite, gražėti
gražėkime, gražėti
gražėjau, gražėti
gražėjai, gražėti
gražėjo, gražėti
gražėjome, gražėti
gražėjote, gražėti
gražėdavau, gražėti
gražėdavai, gražėti
gražėdavo, gražėti
gražėdavome, gražėti
gražėdavote, gražėti
gražėsiu, gražėti
gražėsi, gražėti
gražės, gražėti
gražėsime, gražėti
gražėsite, gražėti
gražėčiau, gražėti
gražėtum(ei), gražėti
gražėtų, gražėti
gražėtu(mė)me, gražėti
gražėtu(mė)te, gražėti
gražinti, gražinti
gražinu, gražinti
gražini, gražinti
gražina, gražinti
gražiname, gražinti
gražinate, gražinti
gražink, gražinti
gražinkite, gražinti
gražinkime, gražinti
gražinau, gražinti
gražinai, gražinti
gražino, gražinti
gražinome, gražinti
gražinote, gražinti
gražindavau, gražinti
gražindavai, gražinti
gražindavo, gražinti
gražindavome, gražinti
gražindavote, gražinti
gražinsiu, gražinti
gražinsi, gražinti
gražins, gražinti
gražinsime, gražinti
gražinsite, gražinti
gražinčiau, gražinti
gražintum(ei), gražinti
gražintų, gražinti
gražintu(mė)me, gražinti
gražintu(mė)te, gražinti
grąžinti, grąžinti
gražinu, grąžinti
gražini, grąžinti
gražina, grąžinti
gražiname, grąžinti
gražinate, grąžinti
grąžink, grąžinti
grąžinkite, grąžinti
grąžinkime, grąžinti
gražinau, grąžinti
gražinai, grąžinti
gražino, grąžinti
gražinome, grąžinti
gražinote, grąžinti
grąžindavau, grąžinti
grąžindavai, grąžinti
grąžindavo, grąžinti
grąžindavome, grąžinti
grąžindavote, grąžinti
grąžinsiu, grąžinti
grąžinsi, grąžinti
grąžins, grąžinti
grąžinsime, grąžinti
grąžinsite, grąžinti
grąžinčiau, grąžinti
grąžintum(ei), grąžinti
grąžintų, grąžinti
grąžintu(mė)me, grąžinti
grąžintu(mė)te, grąžinti
grėbti, grėbti
grėbiu, grėbti
grėbi, grėbti
grėbia, grėbti
grėbiame, grėbti
grėbiate, grėbti
grėbk, grėbti
grėbkite, grėbti
grėbkime, grėbti
grėbiau, grėbti
grėbei, grėbti
grėbė, grėbti
grėbėme, grėbti
grėbėte, grėbti
grėbdavau, grėbti
grėbdavai, grėbti
grėbdavo, grėbti
grėbdavome, grėbti
grėbdavote, grėbti
grėbsiu, grėbti
grėbsi, grėbti
grėbs, grėbti
grėbsime, grėbti
grėbsite, grėbti
grėbčiau, grėbti
grėbtum(ei), grėbti
grėbtų, grėbti
grėbtu(mė)me, grėbti
grėbtu(mė)te, grėbti
greitinti, greitinti
greitinu, greitinti
greitini, greitinti
greitina, greitinti
greitiname, greitinti
greitinate, greitinti
greitink, greitinti
greitinkite, greitinti
greitinkime, greitinti
greitinau, greitinti
greitinai, greitinti
greitino, greitinti
greitinome, greitinti
greitinote, greitinti
greitindavau, greitinti
greitindavai, greitinti
greitindavo, greitinti
greitindavome, greitinti
greitindavote, greitinti
greitinsiu, greitinti
greitinsi, greitinti
greitins, greitinti
greitinsime, greitinti
greitinsite, greitinti
greitinčiau, greitinti
greitintum(ei), greitinti
greitintų, greitinti
greitintu(mė)me, greitinti
greitintu(mė)te, greitinti
grėsti, grėsti
gresiu, grėsti
gresi, grėsti
gresia, grėsti
gresiame, grėsti
gresiate, grėsti
grėsk, grėsti
grėskite, grėsti
grėskime, grėsti
grėsiau, grėsti
grėsei, grėsti
grėsė, grėsti
grėsėme, grėsti
grėsėte, grėsti
grėsdavau, grėsti
grėsdavai, grėsti
grėsdavo, grėsti
grėsdavome, grėsti
grėsdavote, grėsti
grėsiu, grėsti
grėsi, grėsti
grės, grėsti
grėsime, grėsti
grėsite, grėsti
grėsčiau, grėsti
grėstum(ei), grėsti
grėstų, grėsti
grėstu(mė)me, grėsti
grėstu(mė)te, grėsti
gręžti, gręžti
gręžiu, gręžti
gręži, gręžti
gręžia, gręžti
gręžiame, gręžti
gręžiate, gręžti
gręžk, gręžti
gręžkite, gręžti
gręžkime, gręžti
gręžiau, gręžti
gręžei, gręžti
gręžė, gręžti
gręžėme, gręžti
gręžėte, gręžti
gręždavau, gręžti
gręždavai, gręžti
gręždavo, gręžti
gręždavome, gręžti
gręždavote, gręžti
gręžšiu, gręžti
gręžši, gręžti
gręžš, gręžti
gręžšime, gręžti
gręžšite, gręžti
gręžčiau, gręžti
gręžtum(ei), gręžti
gręžtų, gręžti
gręžtu(mė)me, gręžti
gręžtu(mė)te, gręžti
griaudėti, griaudėti
griaudėju, griaudėti
griaudėji, griaudėti
griaudėja, griaudėti
griaudėjame, griaudėti
griaudėjate, griaudėti
griaudėk, griaudėti
griaudėkite, griaudėti
griaudėkime, griaudėti
griaudėjau, griaudėti
griaudėjai, griaudėti
griaudėjo, griaudėti
griaudėjome, griaudėti
griaudėjote, griaudėti
griaudėdavau, griaudėti
griaudėdavai, griaudėti
griaudėdavo, griaudėti
griaudėdavome, griaudėti
griaudėdavote, griaudėti
griaudėsiu, griaudėti
griaudėsi, griaudėti
griaudės, griaudėti
griaudėsime, griaudėti
griaudėsite, griaudėti
griaudėčiau, griaudėti
griaudėtum(ei), griaudėti
griaudėtų, griaudėti
griaudėtu(mė)me, griaudėti
griaudėtu(mė)te, griaudėti
griausti, griausti
griaudžiu, griausti
griaudži, griausti
griaudžia, griausti
griaudžiame, griausti
griaudžiate, griausti
griausk, griausti
griauskite, griausti
griauskime, griausti
griaudei, griausti
griaudė, griausti
griaudėme, griausti
griaudėte, griausti
griausdavau, griausti
griausdavai, griausti
griausdavo, griausti
griausdavome, griausti
griausdavote, griausti
griausiu, griausti
griausi, griausti
griaus, griausti
griausime, griausti
griausite, griausti
griausčiau, griausti
griaustum(ei), griausti
griaustų, griausti
griaustu(mė)me, griausti
griaustu(mė)te, griausti
griauti, griauti
griaunu, griauti
griauni, griauti
griauna, griauti
griauname, griauti
griaunate, griauti
griauk, griauti
griaukite, griauti
griaukime, griauti
grioviau, griauti
griovei, griauti
griovė, griauti
griovėme, griauti
griovėte, griauti
griaudavau, griauti
griaudavai, griauti
griaudavo, griauti
griaudavome, griauti
griaudavote, griauti
griausiu, griauti
griausi, griauti
griaus, griauti
griausime, griauti
griausite, griauti
griaučiau, griauti
griautum(ei), griauti
griautų, griauti
griautu(mė)me, griauti
griautu(mė)te, griauti
griebti, griebti
griebiu, griebti
griebi, griebti
griebia, griebti
griebiame, griebti
griebiate, griebti
griebk, griebti
griebkite, griebti
griebkime, griebti
griebiau, griebti
griebei, griebti
griebė, griebti
griebėme, griebti
griebėte, griebti
griebdavau, griebti
griebdavai, griebti
griebdavo, griebti
griebdavome, griebti
griebdavote, griebti
griebsiu, griebti
griebsi, griebti
griebs, griebti
griebsime, griebti
griebsite, griebti
griebčiau, griebti
griebtum(ei), griebti
griebtų, griebti
griebtu(mė)me, griebti
griebtu(mė)te, griebti
grieti, grieti
grieju, grieti
grieji, grieti
grieja, grieti
griejame, grieti
griejate, grieti
griek, grieti
griekite, grieti
griekime, grieti
griejau, grieti
griejai, grieti
griejo, grieti
griejome, grieti
griejote, grieti
griedavau, grieti
griedavai, grieti
griedavo, grieti
griedavome, grieti
griedavote, grieti
griesiu, grieti
griesi, grieti
gries, grieti
griesime, grieti
griesite, grieti
griečiau, grieti
grietum(ei), grieti
grietų, grieti
grietu(mė)me, grieti
grietu(mė)te, grieti
griežti, griežti
griežiu, griežti
grieži, griežti
griežia, griežti
griežiame, griežti
griežiate, griežti
griežk, griežti
griežkite, griežti
griežkime, griežti
griežiau, griežti
griežei, griežti
griežė, griežti
griežėme, griežti
griežėte, griežti
grieždavau, griežti
grieždavai, griežti
grieždavo, griežti
grieždavome, griežti
grieždavote, griežti
griežšiu, griežti
griežši, griežti
griežš, griežti
griežšime, griežti
griežšite, griežti
griežčiau, griežti
griežtum(ei), griežti
griežtų, griežti
griežtu(mė)me, griežti
griežtu(mė)te, griežti
griežtinti, griežtinti
griežtinu, griežtinti
griežtini, griežtinti
griežtina, griežtinti
griežtiname, griežtinti
griežtinate, griežtinti
griežtink, griežtinti
griežtinkite, griežtinti
griežtinkime, griežtinti
griežtinau, griežtinti
griežtinai, griežtinti
griežtino, griežtinti
griežtinome, griežtinti
griežtinote, griežtinti
griežtindavau, griežtinti
griežtindavai, griežtinti
griežtindavo, griežtinti
griežtindavome, griežtinti
griežtindavote, griežtinti
griežtinsiu, griežtinti
griežtinsi, griežtinti
griežtins, griežtinti
griežtinsime, griežtinti
griežtinsite, griežtinti
griežtinčiau, griežtinti
griežtintum(ei), griežtinti
griežtintų, griežtinti
griežtintu(mė)me, griežtinti
griežtintu(mė)te, griežtinti
grimti, grimti
grimu, grimti
grimi, grimti
grima, grimti
grimame, grimti
grimate, grimti
grimk, grimti
grimkite, grimti
grimkime, grimti
grimau, grimti
grimai, grimti
grimo, grimti
grimome, grimti
grimote, grimti
grimdavau, grimti
grimdavai, grimti
grimdavo, grimti
grimdavome, grimti
grimdavote, grimti
grimsiu, grimti
grimsi, grimti
grims, grimti
grimsime, grimti
grimsite, grimti
grimčiau, grimti
grimtum(ei), grimti
grimtų, grimti
grimtu(mė)me, grimti
grimtu(mė)te, grimti
grimuoti, grimuoti
grimuoju, grimuoti
grimuoji, grimuoti
grimuoja, grimuoti
grimuojame, grimuoti
grimuojate, grimuoti
grimuok, grimuoti
grimuokite, grimuoti
grimuokime, grimuoti
grimavau, grimuoti
grimavai, grimuoti
grimavo, grimuoti
grimavome, grimuoti
grimavote, grimuoti
grimuodavau, grimuoti
grimuodavai, grimuoti
grimuodavo, grimuoti
grimuodavome, grimuoti
grimuodavote, grimuoti
grimuosiu, grimuoti
grimuosi, grimuoti
grimuos, grimuoti
grimuosime, grimuoti
grimuosite, grimuoti
grimuočiau, grimuoti
grimuotum(ei), grimuoti
grimuotų, grimuoti
grimuotu(mė)me, grimuoti
grimuotu(mė)te, grimuoti
grimzti, grimzti
grimztu, grimzti
grimzti, grimzti
grimzta, grimzti
grimztame, grimzti
grimztate, grimzti
grimzk, grimzti
grimzkite, grimzti
grimzkime, grimzti
grimzdau, grimzti
grimzdai, grimzti
grimzdo, grimzti
grimzdome, grimzti
grimzdote, grimzti
grimzdavau, grimzti
grimzdavai, grimzti
grimzdavo, grimzti
grimzdavome, grimzti
grimzdavote, grimzti
grimzsiu, grimzti
grimzsi, grimzti
grimzs, grimzti
grimzsime, grimzti
grimzsite, grimzti
grimzčiau, grimzti
grimztum(ei), grimzti
grimztų, grimzti
grimztu(mė)me, grimzti
grimztu(mė)te, grimzti
grįsti, grįsti
grindžiu, grįsti
grindži, grįsti
grindžia, grįsti
grindžiame, grįsti
grindžiate, grįsti
grįsk, grįsti
grįskite, grįsti
grįskime, grįsti
grindei, grįsti
grindė, grįsti
grindėme, grįsti
grindėte, grįsti
grįsdavau, grįsti
grįsdavai, grįsti
grįsdavo, grįsti
grįsdavome, grįsti
grįsdavote, grįsti
grįsiu, grįsti
grįsi, grįsti
grįs, grįsti
grįsime, grįsti
grįsite, grįsti
grįsčiau, grįsti
grįstum(ei), grįsti
grįstų, grįsti
grįstu(mė)me, grįsti
grįstu(mė)te, grįsti
griūti, griūti
griūvu, griūti
griūvi, griūti
griūva, griūti
griūvame, griūti
griūvate, griūti
griūk, griūti
griūkite, griūti
griūkime, griūti
griuvau, griūti
griuvai, griūti
griuvo, griūti
griuvome, griūti
griuvote, griūti
griūdavau, griūti
griūdavai, griūti
griūdavo, griūti
griūdavome, griūti
griūdavote, griūti
griūsiu, griūti
griūsi, griūti
grius, griūti
griūsime, griūti
griūsite, griūti
griūčiau, griūti
griūtum(ei), griūti
griūtų, griūti
griūtu(mė)me, griūti
griūtu(mė)te, griūti
grįžti, grįžti
grįžtu, grįžti
grįžti, grįžti
grįžta, grįžti
grįžtame, grįžti
grįžtate, grįžti
grįžk, grįžti
grįžkite, grįžti
grįžkime, grįžti
grįžau, grįžti
grįžai, grįžti
grįžo, grįžti
grįžome, grįžti
grįžote, grįžti
grįždavau, grįžti
grįždavai, grįžti
grįždavo, grįžti
grįždavome, grįžti
grįždavote, grįžti
grįžšiu, grįžti
grįžši, grįžti
grįžš, grįžti
grįžšime, grįžti
grįžšite, grįžti
grįžčiau, grįžti
grįžtum(ei), grįžti
grįžtų, grįžti
grįžtu(mė)me, grįžti
grįžtu(mė)te, grįžti
grizti, grizti
gryztu, grizti
gryzti, grizti
gryzta, grizti
gryztame, grizti
gryztate, grizti
grizk, grizti
grizkite, grizti
grizkime, grizti
grizau, grizti
grizai, grizti
grizo, grizti
grizome, grizti
grizote, grizti
grizdavau, grizti
grizdavai, grizti
grizdavo, grizti
grizdavome, grizti
grizdavote, grizti
grizsiu, grizti
grizsi, grizti
grizs, grizti
grizsime, grizti
grizsite, grizti
grizčiau, grizti
griztum(ei), grizti
griztų, grizti
griztu(mė)me, grizti
griztu(mė)te, grizti
grobstyti, grobstyti
grobstau, grobstyti
grobstai, grobstyti
grobsto, grobstyti
grobstome, grobstyti
grobstote, grobstyti
grobstyk, grobstyti
grobstykite, grobstyti
grobstykime, grobstyti
grobstei, grobstyti
grobstė, grobstyti
grobstėme, grobstyti
grobstėte, grobstyti
grobstydavau, grobstyti
grobstydavai, grobstyti
grobstydavo, grobstyti
grobstydavome, grobstyti
grobstydavote, grobstyti
grobstysiu, grobstyti
grobstysi, grobstyti
grobstys, grobstyti
grobstysime, grobstyti
grobstysite, grobstyti
grobstyčiau, grobstyti
grobstytum(ei), grobstyti
grobstytų, grobstyti
grobstytu(mė)me, grobstyti
grobstytu(mė)te, grobstyti
grobti, grobti
grobiu, grobti
grobi, grobti
grobia, grobti
grobiame, grobti
grobiate, grobti
grobk, grobti
grobkite, grobti
grobkime, grobti
grobiau, grobti
grobei, grobti
grobė, grobti
grobėme, grobti
grobėte, grobti
grobdavau, grobti
grobdavai, grobti
grobdavo, grobti
grobdavome, grobti
grobdavote, grobti
grobsiu, grobti
grobsi, grobti
grobs, grobti
grobsime, grobti
grobsite, grobti
grobčiau, grobti
grobtum(ei), grobti
grobtų, grobti
grobtu(mė)me, grobti
grobtu(mė)te, grobti
groti, groti
groju, groti
groji, groti
groja, groti
grojame, groti
grojate, groti
grok, groti
grokite, groti
grokime, groti
grojau, groti
grojai, groti
grojo, groti
grojome, groti
grojote, groti
grodavau, groti
grodavai, groti
grodavo, groti
grodavome, groti
grodavote, groti
grosiu, groti
grosi, groti
gros, groti
grosime, groti
grosite, groti
gročiau, groti
grotum(ei), groti
grotų, groti
grotu(mė)me, groti
grotu(mė)te, groti
grūdinti, grūdinti
grūdinu, grūdinti
grūdini, grūdinti
grūdina, grūdinti
grūdiname, grūdinti
grūdinate, grūdinti
grūdink, grūdinti
grūdinkite, grūdinti
grūdinkime, grūdinti
grūdinau, grūdinti
grūdinai, grūdinti
grūdino, grūdinti
grūdinome, grūdinti
grūdinote, grūdinti
grūdindavau, grūdinti
grūdindavai, grūdinti
grūdindavo, grūdinti
grūdindavome, grūdinti
grūdindavote, grūdinti
grūdinsiu, grūdinti
grūdinsi, grūdinti
grūdins, grūdinti
grūdinsime, grūdinti
grūdinsite, grūdinti
grūdinčiau, grūdinti
grūdintum(ei), grūdinti
grūdintų, grūdinti
grūdintu(mė)me, grūdinti
grūdintu(mė)te, grūdinti
grūmoti, grūmoti
grūmoju, grūmoti
grūmoji, grūmoti
grūmoja, grūmoti
grūmojame, grūmoti
grūmojate, grūmoti
grūmok, grūmoti
grūmokite, grūmoti
grūmokime, grūmoti
grūmojau, grūmoti
grūmojai, grūmoti
grūmojo, grūmoti
grūmojome, grūmoti
grūmojote, grūmoti
grūmodavau, grūmoti
grūmodavai, grūmoti
grūmodavo, grūmoti
grūmodavome, grūmoti
grūmodavote, grūmoti
grūmosiu, grūmoti
grūmosi, grūmoti
grūmos, grūmoti
grūmosime, grūmoti
grūmosite, grūmoti
grūmočiau, grūmoti
grūmotum(ei), grūmoti
grūmotų, grūmoti
grūmotu(mė)me, grūmoti
grūmotu(mė)te, grūmoti
grūsti, grūsti
grūstu, grūsti
grūsti, grūsti
grūsta, grūsti
grūstame, grūsti
grūstate, grūsti
grūsk, grūsti
grūskite, grūsti
grūskime, grūsti
grūdau, grūsti
grūdai, grūsti
grūdo, grūsti
grūdome, grūsti
grūdote, grūsti
grūsdavau, grūsti
grūsdavai, grūsti
grūsdavo, grūsti
grūsdavome, grūsti
grūsdavote, grūsti
grūsiu, grūsti
grūsi, grūsti
grūs, grūsti
grūsime, grūsti
grūsite, grūsti
grūsčiau, grūsti
grūstum(ei), grūsti
grūstų, grūsti
grūstu(mė)me, grūsti
grūstu(mė)te, grūsti
grybauti, grybauti
grybauju, grybauti
grybauji, grybauti
grybauja, grybauti
grybaujame, grybauti
grybaujate, grybauti
grybauk, grybauti
grybaukite, grybauti
grybaukime, grybauti
grybavau, grybauti
grybavai, grybauti
grybavo, grybauti
grybavome, grybauti
grybavote, grybauti
grybaudavau, grybauti
grybaudavai, grybauti
grybaudavo, grybauti
grybaudavome, grybauti
grybaudavote, grybauti
grybausiu, grybauti
grybausi, grybauti
grybaus, grybauti
grybausime, grybauti
grybausite, grybauti
grybaučiau, grybauti
grybautum(ei), grybauti
grybautų, grybauti
grybautu(mė)me, grybauti
grybautu(mė)te, grybauti
grybštelėti, grybštelėti
grybštelėju, grybštelėti
grybštelėji, grybštelėti
grybštelėja, grybštelėti
grybštelėjame, grybštelėti
grybštelėjate, grybštelėti
grybštelėk, grybštelėti
grybštelėkite, grybštelėti
grybštelėkime, grybštelėti
grybštelėjau, grybštelėti
grybštelėjai, grybštelėti
grybštelėjo, grybštelėti
grybštelėjome, grybštelėti
grybštelėjote, grybštelėti
grybštelėdavau, grybštelėti
grybštelėdavai, grybštelėti
grybštelėdavo, grybštelėti
grybštelėdavome, grybštelėti
grybštelėdavote, grybštelėti
grybštelėsiu, grybštelėti
grybštelėsi, grybštelėti
grybštelės, grybštelėti
grybštelėsime, grybštelėti
grybštelėsite, grybštelėti
grybštelėčiau, grybštelėti
grybštelėtum(ei), grybštelėti
grybštelėtų, grybštelėti
grybštelėtu(mė)me, grybštelėti
grybštelėtu(mė)te, grybštelėti
gudrauti, gudrauti
gudrauju, gudrauti
gudrauji, gudrauti
gudrauja, gudrauti
gudraujame, gudrauti
gudraujate, gudrauti
gudrauk, gudrauti
gudraukite, gudrauti
gudraukime, gudrauti
gudravau, gudrauti
gudravai, gudrauti
gudravo, gudrauti
gudravome, gudrauti
gudravote, gudrauti
gudraudavau, gudrauti
gudraudavai, gudrauti
gudraudavo, gudrauti
gudraudavome, gudrauti
gudraudavote, gudrauti
gudrausiu, gudrauti
gudrausi, gudrauti
gudraus, gudrauti
gudrausime, gudrauti
gudrausite, gudrauti
gudraučiau, gudrauti
gudrautum(ei), gudrauti
gudrautų, gudrauti
gudrautu(mė)me, gudrauti
gudrautu(mė)te, gudrauti
gudrėti, gudrėti
gudrėju, gudrėti
gudrėji, gudrėti
gudrėja, gudrėti
gudrėjame, gudrėti
gudrėjate, gudrėti
gudrėk, gudrėti
gudrėkite, gudrėti
gudrėkime, gudrėti
gudrėjau, gudrėti
gudrėjai, gudrėti
gudrėjo, gudrėti
gudrėjome, gudrėti
gudrėjote, gudrėti
gudrėdavau, gudrėti
gudrėdavai, gudrėti
gudrėdavo, gudrėti
gudrėdavome, gudrėti
gudrėdavote, gudrėti
gudrėsiu, gudrėti
gudrėsi, gudrėti
gudrės, gudrėti
gudrėsime, gudrėti
gudrėsite, gudrėti
gudrėčiau, gudrėti
gudrėtum(ei), gudrėti
gudrėtų, gudrėti
gudrėtu(mė)me, gudrėti
gudrėtu(mė)te, gudrėti
guglinti, guglinti
guglinu, guglinti
guglini, guglinti
guglina, guglinti
gugliname, guglinti
guglinate, guglinti
guglink, guglinti
guglinkite, guglinti
guglinkime, guglinti
guglinau, guglinti
guglinai, guglinti
guglino, guglinti
guglinome, guglinti
guglinote, guglinti
guglindavau, guglinti
guglindavai, guglinti
guglindavo, guglinti
guglindavome, guglinti
guglindavote, guglinti
guglinsiu, guglinti
guglinsi, guglinti
guglins, guglinti
guglinsime, guglinti
guglinsite, guglinti
guglinčiau, guglinti
guglintum(ei), guglinti
guglintų, guglinti
guglintu(mė)me, guglinti
guglintu(mė)te, guglinti
gugti, gugti
gungu, gugti
gungi, gugti
gunga, gugti
gungame, gugti
gungate, gugti
guk, gugti
gukite, gugti
gukime, gugti
gugau, gugti
gugai, gugti
gugo, gugti
gugome, gugti
gugote, gugti
gugdavau, gugti
gugdavai, gugti
gugdavo, gugti
gugdavome, gugti
gugdavote, gugti
gugsiu, gugti
gugsi, gugti
gugs, gugti
gugsime, gugti
gugsite, gugti
gugčiau, gugti
gugtum(ei), gugti
gugtų, gugti
gugtu(mė)me, gugti
gugtu(mė)te, gugti
guldyti, guldyti
guldžau, guldyti
guldai, guldyti
guldo, guldyti
guldome, guldyti
guldote, guldyti
guldyk, guldyti
guldykite, guldyti
guldykime, guldyti
guldei, guldyti
guldė, guldyti
guldėme, guldyti
guldėte, guldyti
guldydavau, guldyti
guldydavai, guldyti
guldydavo, guldyti
guldydavome, guldyti
guldydavote, guldyti
guldysiu, guldyti
guldysi, guldyti
guldys, guldyti
guldysime, guldyti
guldysite, guldyti
guldyčiau, guldyti
guldytum(ei), guldyti
guldytų, guldyti
guldytu(mė)me, guldyti
guldytu(mė)te, guldyti
gulėti, gulėti
guliu, gulėti
guli, gulėti
guli, gulėti
gulime, gulėti
gulite, gulėti
gulėk, gulėti
gulėkite, gulėti
gulėkime, gulėti
gulėjau, gulėti
gulėjai, gulėti
gulėjo, gulėti
gulėjome, gulėti
gulėjote, gulėti
gulėdavau, gulėti
gulėdavai, gulėti
gulėdavo, gulėti
gulėdavome, gulėti
gulėdavote, gulėti
gulėsiu, gulėti
gulėsi, gulėti
gulės, gulėti
gulėsime, gulėti
gulėsite, gulėti
gulėčiau, gulėti
gulėtum(ei), gulėti
gulėtų, gulėti
gulėtu(mė)me, gulėti
gulėtu(mė)te, gulėti
gulti, gulti
gulu, gulti
guli, gulti
gula, gulti
gulame, gulti
gulate, gulti
gulk, gulti
gulkite, gulti
gulkime, gulti
guliau, gulti
gulei, gulti
gulė, gulti
gulėme, gulti
gulėte, gulti
guldavau, gulti
guldavai, gulti
guldavo, gulti
guldavome, gulti
guldavote, gulti
gulsiu, gulti
gulsi, gulti
guls, gulti
gulsime, gulti
gulsite, gulti
gulčiau, gulti
gultum(ei), gulti
gultų, gulti
gultu(mė)me, gulti
gultu(mė)te, gulti
gundyti, gundyti
gundžau, gundyti
gundai, gundyti
gundo, gundyti
gundome, gundyti
gundote, gundyti
gundyk, gundyti
gundykite, gundyti
gundykime, gundyti
gundei, gundyti
gundė, gundyti
gundėme, gundyti
gundėte, gundyti
gundydavau, gundyti
gundydavai, gundyti
gundydavo, gundyti
gundydavome, gundyti
gundydavote, gundyti
gundysiu, gundyti
gundysi, gundyti
gundys, gundyti
gundysime, gundyti
gundysite, gundyti
gundyčiau, gundyti
gundytum(ei), gundyti
gundytų, gundyti
gundytu(mė)me, gundyti
gundytu(mė)te, gundyti
guosti, guosti
guodžiu, guosti
guodži, guosti
guodžia, guosti
guodžiame, guosti
guodžiate, guosti
guosk, guosti
guoskite, guosti
guoskime, guosti
guodei, guosti
guodė, guosti
guodėme, guosti
guodėte, guosti
guosdavau, guosti
guosdavai, guosti
guosdavo, guosti
guosdavome, guosti
guosdavote, guosti
guosiu, guosti
guosi, guosti
guos, guosti
guosime, guosti
guosite, guosti
guosčiau, guosti
guostum(ei), guosti
guostų, guosti
guostu(mė)me, guosti
guostu(mė)te, guosti
gurkšnoti, gurkšnoti
gurkšnoju, gurkšnoti
gurkšnoji, gurkšnoti
gurkšnoja, gurkšnoti
gurkšnojame, gurkšnoti
gurkšnojate, gurkšnoti
gurkšnok, gurkšnoti
gurkšnokite, gurkšnoti
gurkšnokime, gurkšnoti
gurkšnojau, gurkšnoti
gurkšnojai, gurkšnoti
gurkšnojo, gurkšnoti
gurkšnojome, gurkšnoti
gurkšnojote, gurkšnoti
gurkšnodavau, gurkšnoti
gurkšnodavai, gurkšnoti
gurkšnodavo, gurkšnoti
gurkšnodavome, gurkšnoti
gurkšnodavote, gurkšnoti
gurkšnosiu, gurkšnoti
gurkšnosi, gurkšnoti
gurkšnos, gurkšnoti
gurkšnosime, gurkšnoti
gurkšnosite, gurkšnoti
gurkšnočiau, gurkšnoti
gurkšnotum(ei), gurkšnoti
gurkšnotų, gurkšnoti
gurkšnotu(mė)me, gurkšnoti
gurkšnotu(mė)te, gurkšnoti
gverti, gverti
gvęru, gverti
gvęri, gverti
gvęra, gverti
gvęrame, gverti
gvęrate, gverti
gverk, gverti
gverkite, gverti
gverkime, gverti
gverau, gverti
gverai, gverti
gvero, gverti
gverome, gverti
gverote, gverti
gverdavau, gverti
gverdavai, gverti
gverdavo, gverti
gverdavome, gverti
gverdavote, gverti
gversiu, gverti
gversi, gverti
gvers, gverti
gversime, gverti
gversite, gverti
gverčiau, gverti
gvertum(ei), gverti
gvertų, gverti
gvertu(mė)me, gverti
gvertu(mė)te, gverti
gvildenti, gvildenti
gvildenu, gvildenti
gvildeni, gvildenti
gvildena, gvildenti
gvildename, gvildenti
gvildenate, gvildenti
gvildenk, gvildenti
gvildenkite, gvildenti
gvildenkime, gvildenti
gvildenau, gvildenti
gvildenai, gvildenti
gvildeno, gvildenti
gvildenome, gvildenti
gvildenote, gvildenti
gvildendavau, gvildenti
gvildendavai, gvildenti
gvildendavo, gvildenti
gvildendavome, gvildenti
gvildendavote, gvildenti
gvildensiu, gvildenti
gvildensi, gvildenti
gvildens, gvildenti
gvildensime, gvildenti
gvildensite, gvildenti
gvildenčiau, gvildenti
gvildentum(ei), gvildenti
gvildentų, gvildenti
gvildentu(mė)me, gvildenti
gvildentu(mė)te, gvildenti
gydyti, gydyti
gydžau, gydyti
gydai, gydyti
gydo, gydyti
gydome, gydyti
gydote, gydyti
gydyk, gydyti
gydykite, gydyti
gydykime, gydyti
gydei, gydyti
gydė, gydyti
gydėme, gydyti
gydėte, gydyti
gydydavau, gydyti
gydydavai, gydyti
gydydavo, gydyti
gydydavome, gydyti
gydydavote, gydyti
gydysiu, gydyti
gydysi, gydyti
gydys, gydyti
gydysime, gydyti
gydysite, gydyti
gydyčiau, gydyti
gydytum(ei), gydyti
gydytų, gydyti
gydytu(mė)me, gydyti
gydytu(mė)te, gydyti
gyti, gyti
gyju, gyti
gyji, gyti
gyja, gyti
gyjame, gyti
gyjate, gyti
gyk, gyti
gykite, gyti
gykime, gyti
gijau, gyti
gijai, gyti
gijo, gyti
gijome, gyti
gijote, gyti
gydavau, gyti
gydavai, gyti
gydavo, gyti
gydavome, gyti
gydavote, gyti
gysiu, gyti
gysi, gyti
gis, gyti
gysime, gyti
gysite, gyti
gyčiau, gyti
gytum(ei), gyti
gytų, gyti
gytu(mė)me, gyti
gytu(mė)te, gyti
gyventi, gyventi
gyvenu, gyventi
gyveni, gyventi
gyvena, gyventi
gyvename, gyventi
gyvenate, gyventi
gyvenk, gyventi
gyvenkite, gyventi
gyvenkime, gyventi
gyvenau, gyventi
gyvenai, gyventi
gyveno, gyventi
gyvenome, gyventi
gyvenote, gyventi
gyvendavau, gyventi
gyvendavai, gyventi
gyvendavo, gyventi
gyvendavome, gyventi
gyvendavote, gyventi
gyvensiu, gyventi
gyvensi, gyventi
gyvens, gyventi
gyvensime, gyventi
gyvensite, gyventi
gyvenčiau, gyventi
gyventum(ei), gyventi
gyventų, gyventi
gyventu(mė)me, gyventi
gyventu(mė)te, gyventi
gyvėti, gyvėti
gyvėju, gyvėti
gyvėji, gyvėti
gyvėja, gyvėti
gyvėjame, gyvėti
gyvėjate, gyvėti
gyvėk, gyvėti
gyvėkite, gyvėti
gyvėkime, gyvėti
gyvėjau, gyvėti
gyvėjai, gyvėti
gyvėjo, gyvėti
gyvėjome, gyvėti
gyvėjote, gyvėti
gyvėdavau, gyvėti
gyvėdavai, gyvėti
gyvėdavo, gyvėti
gyvėdavome, gyvėti
gyvėdavote, gyvėti
gyvėsiu, gyvėti
gyvėsi, gyvėti
gyvės, gyvėti
gyvėsime, gyvėti
gyvėsite, gyvėti
gyvėčiau, gyvėti
gyvėtum(ei), gyvėti
gyvėtų, gyvėti
gyvėtu(mė)me, gyvėti
gyvėtu(mė)te, gyvėti
gyvinti, gyvinti
gyvinu, gyvinti
gyvini, gyvinti
gyvina, gyvinti
gyviname, gyvinti
gyvinate, gyvinti
gyvink, gyvinti
gyvinkite, gyvinti
gyvinkime, gyvinti
gyvinau, gyvinti
gyvinai, gyvinti
gyvino, gyvinti
gyvinome, gyvinti
gyvinote, gyvinti
gyvindavau, gyvinti
gyvindavai, gyvinti
gyvindavo, gyvinti
gyvindavome, gyvinti
gyvindavote, gyvinti
gyvinsiu, gyvinti
gyvinsi, gyvinti
gyvins, gyvinti
gyvinsime, gyvinti
gyvinsite, gyvinti
gyvinčiau, gyvinti
gyvintum(ei), gyvinti
gyvintų, gyvinti
gyvintu(mė)me, gyvinti
gyvintu(mė)te, gyvinti
gyvuoti, gyvuoti
gyvuoju, gyvuoti
gyvuoji, gyvuoti
gyvuoja, gyvuoti
gyvuojame, gyvuoti
gyvuojate, gyvuoti
gyvuok, gyvuoti
gyvuokite, gyvuoti
gyvuokime, gyvuoti
gyvavau, gyvuoti
gyvavai, gyvuoti
gyvavo, gyvuoti
gyvavome, gyvuoti
gyvavote, gyvuoti
gyvuodavau, gyvuoti
gyvuodavai, gyvuoti
gyvuodavo, gyvuoti
gyvuodavome, gyvuoti
gyvuodavote, gyvuoti
gyvuosiu, gyvuoti
gyvuosi, gyvuoti
gyvuos, gyvuoti
gyvuosime, gyvuoti
gyvuosite, gyvuoti
gyvuočiau, gyvuoti
gyvuotum(ei), gyvuoti
gyvuotų, gyvuoti
gyvuotu(mė)me, gyvuoti
gyvuotu(mė)te, gyvuoti
hipnotizuoti, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuoju, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuoji, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuoja, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuojame, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuojate, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuok, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuokite, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuokime, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizavau, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizavai, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizavo, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizavome, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizavote, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuodavau, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuodavai, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuodavo, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuodavome, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuodavote, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuosiu, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuosi, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuos, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuosime, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuosite, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuočiau, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuotum(ei), hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuotų, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuotu(mė)me, hipnotizuoti
hipnotizuotu(mė)te, hipnotizuoti
identifikuoti, identifikuoti
identifikuoju, identifikuoti
identifikuoji, identifikuoti
identifikuoja, identifikuoti
identifikuojame, identifikuoti
identifikuojate, identifikuoti
identifikuok, identifikuoti
identifikuokite, identifikuoti
identifikuokime, identifikuoti
identifikavau, identifikuoti
identifikavai, identifikuoti
identifikavo, identifikuoti
identifikavome, identifikuoti
identifikavote, identifikuoti
identifikuodavau, identifikuoti
identifikuodavai, identifikuoti
identifikuodavo, identifikuoti
identifikuodavome, identifikuoti
identifikuodavote, identifikuoti
identifikuosiu, identifikuoti
identifikuosi, identifikuoti
identifikuos, identifikuoti
identifikuosime, identifikuoti
identifikuosite, identifikuoti
identifikuočiau, identifikuoti
identifikuotum(ei), identifikuoti
identifikuotų, identifikuoti
identifikuotu(mė)me, identifikuoti
identifikuotu(mė)te, identifikuoti
ieškoti, ieškoti
ieškau, ieškoti
ieškai, ieškoti
ieško, ieškoti
ieškome, ieškoti
ieškote, ieškoti
ieškok, ieškoti
ieškokite, ieškoti
ieškokime, ieškoti
ieškojau, ieškoti
ieškojai, ieškoti
ieškojo, ieškoti
ieškojome, ieškoti
ieškojote, ieškoti
ieškodavau, ieškoti
ieškodavai, ieškoti
ieškodavo, ieškoti
ieškodavome, ieškoti
ieškodavote, ieškoti
ieškosiu, ieškoti
ieškosi, ieškoti
ieškos, ieškoti
ieškosime, ieškoti
ieškosite, ieškoti
ieškočiau, ieškoti
ieškotum(ei), ieškoti
ieškotų, ieškoti
ieškotu(mė)me, ieškoti
ieškotu(mė)te, ieškoti
ignoruoti, ignoruoti
ignoruoju, ignoruoti
ignoruoji, ignoruoti
ignoruoja, ignoruoti
ignoruojame, ignoruoti
ignoruojate, ignoruoti
ignoruok, ignoruoti
ignoruokite, ignoruoti
ignoruokime, ignoruoti
ignoravau, ignoruoti
ignoravai, ignoruoti
ignoravo, ignoruoti
ignoravome, ignoruoti
ignoravote, ignoruoti
ignoruodavau, ignoruoti
ignoruodavai, ignoruoti
ignoruodavo, ignoruoti
ignoruodavome, ignoruoti
ignoruodavote, ignoruoti
ignoruosiu, ignoruoti
ignoruosi, ignoruoti
ignoruos, ignoruoti
ignoruosime, ignoruoti
ignoruosite, ignoruoti
ignoruočiau, ignoruoti
ignoruotum(ei), ignoruoti
ignoruotų, ignoruoti
ignoruotu(mė)me, ignoruoti
ignoruotu(mė)te, ignoruoti
ilgėti, ilgėti
ilgėju, ilgėti
ilgėji, ilgėti
ilgėja, ilgėti
ilgėjame, ilgėti
ilgėjate, ilgėti
ilgėk, ilgėti
ilgėkite, ilgėti
ilgėkime, ilgėti
ilgėjau, ilgėti
ilgėjai, ilgėti
ilgėjo, ilgėti
ilgėjome, ilgėti
ilgėjote, ilgėti
ilgėdavau, ilgėti
ilgėdavai, ilgėti
ilgėdavo, ilgėti
ilgėdavome, ilgėti
ilgėdavote, ilgėti
ilgėsiu, ilgėti
ilgėsi, ilgėti
ilgės, ilgėti
ilgėsime, ilgėti
ilgėsite, ilgėti
ilgėčiau, ilgėti
ilgėtum(ei), ilgėti
ilgėtų, ilgėti
ilgėtu(mė)me, ilgėti
ilgėtu(mė)te, ilgėti
ilsėti, ilsėti
ilsiu, ilsėti
ilsi, ilsėti
ilsi, ilsėti
ilsime, ilsėti
ilsite, ilsėti
ilsėk, ilsėti
ilsėkite, ilsėti
ilsėkime, ilsėti
ilsėjau, ilsėti
ilsėjai, ilsėti
ilsėjo, ilsėti
ilsėjome, ilsėti
ilsėjote, ilsėti
ilsėdavau, ilsėti
ilsėdavai, ilsėti
ilsėdavo, ilsėti
ilsėdavome, ilsėti
ilsėdavote, ilsėti
ilsėsiu, ilsėti
ilsėsi, ilsėti
ilsės, ilsėti
ilsėsime, ilsėti
ilsėsite, ilsėti
ilsėčiau, ilsėti
ilsėtum(ei), ilsėti
ilsėtų, ilsėti
ilsėtu(mė)me, ilsėti
ilsėtu(mė)te, ilsėti
ilsinti, ilsinti
ilsinu, ilsinti
ilsini, ilsinti
ilsina, ilsinti
ilsiname, ilsinti
ilsinate, ilsinti
ilsink, ilsinti
ilsinkite, ilsinti
ilsinkime, ilsinti
ilsinau, ilsinti
ilsinai, ilsinti
ilsino, ilsinti
ilsinome, ilsinti
ilsinote, ilsinti
ilsindavau, ilsinti
ilsindavai, ilsinti
ilsindavo, ilsinti
ilsindavome, ilsinti
ilsindavote, ilsinti
ilsinsiu, ilsinti
ilsinsi, ilsinti
ilsins, ilsinti
ilsinsime, ilsinti
ilsinsite, ilsinti
ilsinčiau, ilsinti
ilsintum(ei), ilsinti
ilsintų, ilsinti
ilsintu(mė)me, ilsinti
ilsintu(mė)te, ilsinti
imigruoti, imigruoti
imigruoju, imigruoti
imigruoji, imigruoti
imigruoja, imigruoti
imigruojame, imigruoti
imigruojate, imigruoti
imigruok, imigruoti
imigruokite, imigruoti
imigruokime, imigruoti
imigravau, imigruoti
imigravai, imigruoti
imigravo, imigruoti
imigravome, imigruoti
imigravote, imigruoti
imigruodavau, imigruoti
imigruodavai, imigruoti
imigruodavo, imigruoti
imigruodavome, imigruoti
imigruodavote, imigruoti
imigruosiu, imigruoti
imigruosi, imigruoti
imigruos, imigruoti
imigruosime, imigruoti
imigruosite, imigruoti
imigruočiau, imigruoti
imigruotum(ei), imigruoti
imigruotų, imigruoti
imigruotu(mė)me, imigruoti
imigruotu(mė)te, imigruoti
imituoti, imituoti
imituoju, imituoti
imituoji, imituoti
imituoja, imituoti
imituojame, imituoti
imituojate, imituoti
imituok, imituoti
imituokite, imituoti
imituokime, imituoti
imitavau, imituoti
imitavai, imituoti
imitavo, imituoti
imitavome, imituoti
imitavote, imituoti
imituodavau, imituoti
imituodavai, imituoti
imituodavo, imituoti
imituodavome, imituoti
imituodavote, imituoti
imituosiu, imituoti
imituosi, imituoti
imituos, imituoti
imituosime, imituoti
imituosite, imituoti
imituočiau, imituoti
imituotum(ei), imituoti
imituotų, imituoti
imituotu(mė)me, imituoti
imituotu(mė)te, imituoti
imponuoti, imponuoti
imponuoju, imponuoti
imponuoji, imponuoti
imponuoja, imponuoti
imponuojame, imponuoti
imponuojate, imponuoti
imponuok, imponuoti
imponuokite, imponuoti
imponuokime, imponuoti
imponavau, imponuoti
imponavai, imponuoti
imponavo, imponuoti
imponavome, imponuoti
imponavote, imponuoti
imponuodavau, imponuoti
imponuodavai, imponuoti
imponuodavo, imponuoti
imponuodavome, imponuoti
imponuodavote, imponuoti
imponuosiu, imponuoti
imponuosi, imponuoti
imponuos, imponuoti
imponuosime, imponuoti
imponuosite, imponuoti
imponuočiau, imponuoti
imponuotum(ei), imponuoti
imponuotų, imponuoti
imponuotu(mė)me, imponuoti
imponuotu(mė)te, imponuoti
importuoti, importuoti
importuoju, importuoti
importuoji, importuoti
importuoja, importuoti
importuojame, importuoti
importuojate, importuoti
importuok, importuoti
importuokite, importuoti
importuokime, importuoti
importavau, importuoti
importavai, importuoti
importavo, importuoti
importavome, importuoti
importavote, importuoti
importuodavau, importuoti
importuodavai, importuoti
importuodavo, importuoti
importuodavome, importuoti
importuodavote, importuoti
importuosiu, importuoti
importuosi, importuoti
importuos, importuoti
importuosime, importuoti
importuosite, importuoti
importuočiau, importuoti
importuotum(ei), importuoti
importuotų, importuoti
importuotu(mė)me, importuoti
importuotu(mė)te, importuoti
improvizuoti, improvizuoti
improvizuoju, improvizuoti
improvizuoji, improvizuoti
improvizuoja, improvizuoti
improvizuojame, improvizuoti
improvizuojate, improvizuoti
improvizuok, improvizuoti
improvizuokite, improvizuoti
improvizuokime, improvizuoti
improvizavau, improvizuoti
improvizavai, improvizuoti
improvizavo, improvizuoti
improvizavome, improvizuoti
improvizavote, improvizuoti
improvizuodavau, improvizuoti
improvizuodavai, improvizuoti
improvizuodavo, improvizuoti
improvizuodavome, improvizuoti
improvizuodavote, improvizuoti
improvizuosiu, improvizuoti
improvizuosi, improvizuoti
improvizuos, improvizuoti
improvizuosime, improvizuoti
improvizuosite, improvizuoti
improvizuočiau, improvizuoti
improvizuotum(ei), improvizuoti
improvizuotų, improvizuoti
improvizuotu(mė)me, improvizuoti
improvizuotu(mė)te, improvizuoti
imti, imti
imu, imti
imi, imti
ima, imti
imame, imti
imate, imti
imk, imti
imkite, imti
imkime, imti
ėmiau, imti
ėmei, imti
ėmė, imti
ėmėme, imti
ėmėte, imti
imdavau, imti
imdavai, imti
imdavo, imti
imdavome, imti
imdavote, imti
imsiu, imti
imsi, imti
ims, imti
imsime, imti
imsite, imti
imčiau, imti
imtum(ei), imti
imtų, imti
imtu(mė)me, imti
imtu(mė)te, imti
infekuoti, infekuoti
infekuoju, infekuoti
infekuoji, infekuoti
infekuoja, infekuoti
infekuojame, infekuoti
infekuojate, infekuoti
infekuok, infekuoti
infekuokite, infekuoti
infekuokime, infekuoti
infekavau, infekuoti
infekavai, infekuoti
infekavo, infekuoti
infekavome, infekuoti
infekavote, infekuoti
infekuodavau, infekuoti
infekuodavai, infekuoti
infekuodavo, infekuoti
infekuodavome, infekuoti
infekuodavote, infekuoti
infekuosiu, infekuoti
infekuosi, infekuoti
infekuos, infekuoti
infekuosime, infekuoti
infekuosite, infekuoti
infekuočiau, infekuoti
infekuotum(ei), infekuoti
infekuotų, infekuoti
infekuotu(mė)me, infekuoti
infekuotu(mė)te, infekuoti
informuoti, informuoti
informuoju, informuoti
informuoji, informuoti
informuoja, informuoti
informuojame, informuoti
informuojate, informuoti
informuok, informuoti
informuokite, informuoti
informuokime, informuoti
informavau, informuoti
informavai, informuoti
informavo, informuoti
informavome, informuoti
informavote, informuoti
informuodavau, informuoti
informuodavai, informuoti
informuodavo, informuoti
informuodavome, informuoti
informuodavote, informuoti
informuosiu, informuoti
informuosi, informuoti
informuos, informuoti
informuosime, informuoti
informuosite, informuoti
informuočiau, informuoti
informuotum(ei), informuoti
informuotų, informuoti
informuotu(mė)me, informuoti
informuotu(mė)te, informuoti
inkšti, inkšti
inkščiu, inkšti
inkšči, inkšti
inkščia, inkšti
inkščiame, inkšti
inkščiate, inkšti
inkšk, inkšti
inkškite, inkšti
inkškime, inkšti
inkštei, inkšti
inkštė, inkšti
inkštėme, inkšti
inkštėte, inkšti
inkšdavau, inkšti
inkšdavai, inkšti
inkšdavo, inkšti
inkšdavome, inkšti
inkšdavote, inkšti
inkššiu, inkšti
inkšši, inkšti
inkšš, inkšti
inkššime, inkšti
inkššite, inkšti
inkščiau, inkšti
inkštum(ei), inkšti
inkštų, inkšti
inkštu(mė)me, inkšti
inkštu(mė)te, inkšti
inspiruoti, inspiruoti
inspiruoju, inspiruoti
inspiruoji, inspiruoti
inspiruoja, inspiruoti
inspiruojame, inspiruoti
inspiruojate, inspiruoti
inspiruok, inspiruoti
inspiruokite, inspiruoti
inspiruokime, inspiruoti
inspiravau, inspiruoti
inspiravai, inspiruoti
inspiravo, inspiruoti
inspiravome, inspiruoti
inspiravote, inspiruoti
inspiruodavau, inspiruoti
inspiruodavai, inspiruoti
inspiruodavo, inspiruoti
inspiruodavome, inspiruoti
inspiruodavote, inspiruoti
inspiruosiu, inspiruoti
inspiruosi, inspiruoti
inspiruos, inspiruoti
inspiruosime, inspiruoti
inspiruosite, inspiruoti
inspiruočiau, inspiruoti
inspiruotum(ei), inspiruoti
inspiruotų, inspiruoti
inspiruotu(mė)me, inspiruoti
inspiruotu(mė)te, inspiruoti
integruoti, integruoti
integruoju, integruoti
integruoji, integruoti
integruoja, integruoti
integruojame, integruoti
integruojate, integruoti
integruok, integruoti
integruokite, integruoti
integruokime, integruoti
integravau, integruoti
integravai, integruoti
integravo, integruoti
integravome, integruoti
integravote, integruoti
integruodavau, integruoti
integruodavai, integruoti
integruodavo, integruoti
integruodavome, integruoti
integruodavote, integruoti
integruosiu, integruoti
integruosi, integruoti
integruos, integruoti
integruosime, integruoti
integruosite, integruoti
integruočiau, integruoti
integruotum(ei), integruoti
integruotų, integruoti
integruotu(mė)me, integruoti
integruotu(mė)te, integruoti
interpretuoti, interpretuoti
interpretuoju, interpretuoti
interpretuoji, interpretuoti
interpretuoja, interpretuoti
interpretuojame, interpretuoti
interpretuojate, interpretuoti
interpretuok, interpretuoti
interpretuokite, interpretuoti
interpretuokime, interpretuoti
interpretavau, interpretuoti
interpretavai, interpretuoti
interpretavo, interpretuoti
interpretavome, interpretuoti
interpretavote, interpretuoti
interpretuodavau, interpretuoti
interpretuodavai, interpretuoti
interpretuodavo, interpretuoti
interpretuodavome, interpretuoti
interpretuodavote, interpretuoti
interpretuosiu, interpretuoti
interpretuosi, interpretuoti
interpretuos, interpretuoti
interpretuosime, interpretuoti
interpretuosite, interpretuoti
interpretuočiau, interpretuoti
interpretuotum(ei), interpretuoti
interpretuotų, interpretuoti
interpretuotu(mė)me, interpretuoti
interpretuotu(mė)te, interpretuoti
investuoti, investuoti
investuoju, investuoti
investuoji, investuoti
investuoja, investuoti
investuojame, investuoti
investuojate, investuoti
investuok, investuoti
investuokite, investuoti
investuokime, investuoti
investavau, investuoti
investavai, investuoti
investavo, investuoti
investavome, investuoti
investavote, investuoti
investuodavau, investuoti
investuodavai, investuoti
investuodavo, investuoti
investuodavome, investuoti
investuodavote, investuoti
investuosiu, investuoti
investuosi, investuoti
investuos, investuoti
investuosime, investuoti
investuosite, investuoti
investuočiau, investuoti
investuotum(ei), investuoti
investuotų, investuoti
investuotu(mė)me, investuoti
investuotu(mė)te, investuoti
irkluoti, irkluoti
irkluoju, irkluoti
irkluoji, irkluoti
irkluoja, irkluoti
irkluojame, irkluoti
irkluojate, irkluoti
irkluok, irkluoti
irkluokite, irkluoti
irkluokime, irkluoti
irklavau, irkluoti
irklavai, irkluoti
irklavo, irkluoti
irklavome, irkluoti
irklavote, irkluoti
irkluodavau, irkluoti
irkluodavai, irkluoti
irkluodavo, irkluoti
irkluodavome, irkluoti
irkluodavote, irkluoti
irkluosiu, irkluoti
irkluosi, irkluoti
irkluos, irkluoti
irkluosime, irkluoti
irkluosite, irkluoti
irkluočiau, irkluoti
irkluotum(ei), irkluoti
irkluotų, irkluoti
irkluotu(mė)me, irkluoti
irkluotu(mė)te, irkluoti
irti, irti
yru, irti
yri, irti
yra, irti
yrame, irti
yrate, irti
irk, irti
irkite, irti
irkime, irti
irau, irti
irai, irti
iro, irti
irome, irti
irote, irti
irdavau, irti
irdavai, irti
irdavo, irti
irdavome, irti
irdavote, irti
irsiu, irti
irsi, irti
irs, irti
irsime, irti
irsite, irti
irčiau, irti
irtum(ei), irti
irtų, irti
irtu(mė)me, irti
irtu(mė)te, irti
issigąsti, issigąsti
išsigąstu, issigąsti
išsigąsti, issigąsti
išsigąsta, issigąsti
išsigąstame, issigąsti
išsigąstate, issigąsti
issigąsk, issigąsti
issigąskite, issigąsti
issigąskime, issigąsti
išsigandau, issigąsti
išsigandai, issigąsti
išsigando, issigąsti
išsigandome, issigąsti
išsigandote, issigąsti
issigąsdavau, issigąsti
issigąsdavai, issigąsti
issigąsdavo, issigąsti
issigąsdavome, issigąsti
issigąsdavote, issigąsti
issigąsiu, issigąsti
issigąsi, issigąsti
issigąs, issigąsti
issigąsime, issigąsti
issigąsite, issigąsti
issigąsčiau, issigąsti
issigąstum(ei), issigąsti
issigąstų, issigąsti
issigąstu(mė)me, issigąsti
issigąstu(mė)te, issigąsti
isšikeroti, isšikeroti
išsikeroju, isšikeroti
išsikeroji, isšikeroti
išsikeroja, isšikeroti
išsikerojame, isšikeroti
išsikerojate, isšikeroti
isšikerok, isšikeroti
isšikerokite, isšikeroti
isšikerokime, isšikeroti
išsikerojau, isšikeroti
išsikerojai, isšikeroti
išsikerojo, isšikeroti
išsikerojome, isšikeroti
išsikerojote, isšikeroti
isšikerodavau, isšikeroti
isšikerodavai, isšikeroti
isšikerodavo, isšikeroti
isšikerodavome, isšikeroti
isšikerodavote, isšikeroti
isšikerosiu, isšikeroti
isšikerosi, isšikeroti
isšikeros, isšikeroti
isšikerosime, isšikeroti
isšikerosite, isšikeroti
isšikeročiau, isšikeroti
isšikerotum(ei), isšikeroti
isšikerotų, isšikeroti
isšikerotu(mė)me, isšikeroti
isšikerotu(mė)te, isšikeroti
izoliuoti, izoliuoti
izoliuoju, izoliuoti
izoliuoji, izoliuoti
izoliuoja, izoliuoti
izoliuojame, izoliuoti
izoliuojate, izoliuoti
izoliuok, izoliuoti
izoliuokite, izoliuoti
izoliuokime, izoliuoti
izoliavau, izoliuoti
izoliavai, izoliuoti
izoliavo, izoliuoti
izoliavome, izoliuoti
izoliavote, izoliuoti
izoliuodavau, izoliuoti
izoliuodavai, izoliuoti
izoliuodavo, izoliuoti
izoliuodavome, izoliuoti
izoliuodavote, izoliuoti
izoliuosiu, izoliuoti
izoliuosi, izoliuoti
izoliuos, izoliuoti
izoliuosime, izoliuoti
izoliuosite, izoliuoti
izoliuočiau, izoliuoti
izoliuotum(ei), izoliuoti
izoliuotų, izoliuoti
izoliuotu(mė)me, izoliuoti
izoliuotu(mė)te, izoliuoti
jaudinti, jaudinti
jaudinu, jaudinti
jaudini, jaudinti
jaudina, jaudinti
jaudiname, jaudinti
jaudinate, jaudinti
jaudink, jaudinti
jaudinkite, jaudinti
jaudinkime, jaudinti
jaudinau, jaudinti
jaudinai, jaudinti
jaudino, jaudinti
jaudinome, jaudinti
jaudinote, jaudinti
jaudindavau, jaudinti
jaudindavai, jaudinti
jaudindavo, jaudinti
jaudindavome, jaudinti
jaudindavote, jaudinti
jaudinsiu, jaudinti
jaudinsi, jaudinti
jaudins, jaudinti
jaudinsime, jaudinti
jaudinsite, jaudinti
jaudinčiau, jaudinti
jaudintum(ei), jaudinti
jaudintų, jaudinti
jaudintu(mė)me, jaudinti
jaudintu(mė)te, jaudinti
jaukinti, jaukinti
jaukinu, jaukinti
jaukini, jaukinti
jaukina, jaukinti
jaukiname, jaukinti
jaukinate, jaukinti
jaukink, jaukinti
jaukinkite, jaukinti
jaukinkime, jaukinti
jaukinau, jaukinti
jaukinai, jaukinti
jaukino, jaukinti
jaukinome, jaukinti
jaukinote, jaukinti
jaukindavau, jaukinti
jaukindavai, jaukinti
jaukindavo, jaukinti
jaukindavome, jaukinti
jaukindavote, jaukinti
jaukinsiu, jaukinti
jaukinsi, jaukinti
jaukins, jaukinti
jaukinsime, jaukinti
jaukinsite, jaukinti
jaukinčiau, jaukinti
jaukintum(ei), jaukinti
jaukintų, jaukinti
jaukintu(mė)me, jaukinti
jaukintu(mė)te, jaukinti
jaukti, jaukti
jaukiu, jaukti
jauki, jaukti
jaukia, jaukti
jaukiame, jaukti
jaukiate, jaukti
jauk, jaukti
jaukite, jaukti
jaukime, jaukti
jaukiau, jaukti
jaukei, jaukti
jaukė, jaukti
jaukėme, jaukti
jaukėte, jaukti
jaukdavau, jaukti
jaukdavai, jaukti
jaukdavo, jaukti
jaukdavome, jaukti
jaukdavote, jaukti
jauksiu, jaukti
jauksi, jaukti
jauks, jaukti
jauksime, jaukti
jauksite, jaukti
jaukčiau, jaukti
jauktum(ei), jaukti
jauktų, jaukti
jauktu(mė)me, jaukti
jauktu(mė)te, jaukti
jausti, jausti
jaučiu, jausti
jauči, jausti
jaučia, jausti
jaučiame, jausti
jaučiate, jausti
jausk, jausti
jauskite, jausti
jauskime, jausti
jautei, jausti
jautė, jausti
jautėme, jausti
jautėte, jausti
jausdavau, jausti
jausdavai, jausti
jausdavo, jausti
jausdavome, jausti
jausdavote, jausti
jausiu, jausti
jausi, jausti
jaus, jausti
jausime, jausti
jausite, jausti
jausčiau, jausti
jaustum(ei), jausti
jaustų, jausti
jaustu(mė)me, jausti
jaustu(mė)te, jausti
jodinėti, jodinėti
jodinėju, jodinėti
jodinėji, jodinėti
jodinėja, jodinėti
jodinėjame, jodinėti
jodinėjate, jodinėti
jodinėk, jodinėti
jodinėkite, jodinėti
jodinėkime, jodinėti
jodinėjau, jodinėti
jodinėjai, jodinėti
jodinėjo, jodinėti
jodinėjome, jodinėti
jodinėjote, jodinėti
jodinėdavau, jodinėti
jodinėdavai, jodinėti
jodinėdavo, jodinėti
jodinėdavome, jodinėti
jodinėdavote, jodinėti
jodinėsiu, jodinėti
jodinėsi, jodinėti
jodinės, jodinėti
jodinėsime, jodinėti
jodinėsite, jodinėti
jodinėčiau, jodinėti
jodinėtum(ei), jodinėti
jodinėtų, jodinėti
jodinėtu(mė)me, jodinėti
jodinėtu(mė)te, jodinėti
joti, joti
joju, joti
joji, joti
joja, joti
jojame, joti
jojate, joti
jok, joti
jokite, joti
jokime, joti
jojau, joti
jojai, joti
jojo, joti
jojome, joti
jojote, joti
jodavau, joti
jodavai, joti
jodavo, joti
jodavome, joti
jodavote, joti
josiu, joti
josi, joti
jos, joti
josime, joti
josite, joti
jočiau, joti
jotum(ei), joti
jotų, joti
jotu(mė)me, joti
jotu(mė)te, joti
judėti, judėti
judžu, judėti
judi, judėti
juda, judėti
judame, judėti
judate, judėti
judėk, judėti
judėkite, judėti
judėkime, judėti
judėjau, judėti
judėjai, judėti
judėjo, judėti
judėjome, judėti
judėjote, judėti
judėdavau, judėti
judėdavai, judėti
judėdavo, judėti
judėdavome, judėti
judėdavote, judėti
judėsiu, judėti
judėsi, judėti
judės, judėti
judėsime, judėti
judėsite, judėti
judėčiau, judėti
judėtum(ei), judėti
judėtų, judėti
judėtu(mė)me, judėti
judėtu(mė)te, judėti
judinti, judinti
judinu, judinti
judini, judinti
judina, judinti
judiname, judinti
judinate, judinti
judink, judinti
judinkite, judinti
judinkime, judinti
judinau, judinti
judinai, judinti
judino, judinti
judinome, judinti
judinote, judinti
judindavau, judinti
judindavai, judinti
judindavo, judinti
judindavome, judinti
judindavote, judinti
judinsiu, judinti
judinsi, judinti
judins, judinti
judinsime, judinti
judinsite, judinti
judinčiau, judinti
judintum(ei), judinti
judintų, judinti
judintu(mė)me, judinti
judintu(mė)te, judinti
jungti, jungti
jungiu, jungti
jungi, jungti
jungia, jungti
jungiame, jungti
jungiate, jungti
junk, jungti
junkite, jungti
junkime, jungti
jungiau, jungti
jungei, jungti
jungė, jungti
jungėme, jungti
jungėte, jungti
jungdavau, jungti
jungdavai, jungti
jungdavo, jungti
jungdavome, jungti
jungdavote, jungti
jungsiu, jungti
jungsi, jungti
jungs, jungti
jungsime, jungti
jungsite, jungti
jungčiau, jungti
jungtum(ei), jungti
jungtų, jungti
jungtu(mė)me, jungti
jungtu(mė)te, jungti
juodėti, juodėti
juodėju, juodėti
juodėji, juodėti
juodėja, juodėti
juodėjame, juodėti
juodėjate, juodėti
juodėk, juodėti
juodėkite, juodėti
juodėkime, juodėti
juodėjau, juodėti
juodėjai, juodėti
juodėjo, juodėti
juodėjome, juodėti
juodėjote, juodėti
juodėdavau, juodėti
juodėdavai, juodėti
juodėdavo, juodėti
juodėdavome, juodėti
juodėdavote, juodėti
juodėsiu, juodėti
juodėsi, juodėti
juodės, juodėti
juodėsime, juodėti
juodėsite, juodėti
juodėčiau, juodėti
juodėtum(ei), juodėti
juodėtų, juodėti
juodėtu(mė)me, juodėti
juodėtu(mė)te, juodėti
juodinti, juodinti
juodinu, juodinti
juodini, juodinti
juodina, juodinti
juodiname, juodinti
juodinate, juodinti
juodink, juodinti
juodinkite, juodinti
juodinkime, juodinti
juodinau, juodinti
juodinai, juodinti
juodino, juodinti
juodinome, juodinti
juodinote, juodinti
juodindavau, juodinti
juodindavai, juodinti
juodindavo, juodinti
juodindavome, juodinti
juodindavote, juodinti
juodinsiu, juodinti
juodinsi, juodinti
juodins, juodinti
juodinsime, juodinti
juodinsite, juodinti
juodinčiau, juodinti
juodintum(ei), juodinti
juodintų, juodinti
juodintu(mė)me, juodinti
juodintu(mė)te, juodinti
juoduoti, juoduoti
juoduoju, juoduoti
juoduoji, juoduoti
juoduoja, juoduoti
juoduojame, juoduoti
juoduojate, juoduoti
juoduok, juoduoti
juoduokite, juoduoti
juoduokime, juoduoti
juodavau, juoduoti
juodavai, juoduoti
juodavo, juoduoti
juodavome, juoduoti
juodavote, juoduoti
juoduodavau, juoduoti
juoduodavai, juoduoti
juoduodavo, juoduoti
juoduodavome, juoduoti
juoduodavote, juoduoti
juoduosiu, juoduoti
juoduosi, juoduoti
juoduos, juoduoti
juoduosime, juoduoti
juoduosite, juoduoti
juoduočiau, juoduoti
juoduotum(ei), juoduoti
juoduotų, juoduoti
juoduotu(mė)me, juoduoti
juoduotu(mė)te, juoduoti
juokauti, juokauti
juokauju, juokauti
juokauji, juokauti
juokauja, juokauti
juokaujame, juokauti
juokaujate, juokauti
juokauk, juokauti
juokaukite, juokauti
juokaukime, juokauti
juokavau, juokauti
juokavai, juokauti
juokavo, juokauti
juokavome, juokauti
juokavote, juokauti
juokaudavau, juokauti
juokaudavai, juokauti
juokaudavo, juokauti
juokaudavome, juokauti
juokaudavote, juokauti
juokausiu, juokauti
juokausi, juokauti
juokaus, juokauti
juokausime, juokauti
juokausite, juokauti
juokaučiau, juokauti
juokautum(ei), juokauti
juokautų, juokauti
juokautu(mė)me, juokauti
juokautu(mė)te, juokauti
juokinti, juokinti
juokinu, juokinti
juokini, juokinti
juokina, juokinti
juokiname, juokinti
juokinate, juokinti
juokink, juokinti
juokinkite, juokinti
juokinkime, juokinti
juokinau, juokinti
juokinai, juokinti
juokino, juokinti
juokinome, juokinti
juokinote, juokinti
juokindavau, juokinti
juokindavai, juokinti
juokindavo, juokinti
juokindavome, juokinti
juokindavote, juokinti
juokinsiu, juokinti
juokinsi, juokinti
juokins, juokinti
juokinsime, juokinti
juokinsite, juokinti
juokinčiau, juokinti
juokintum(ei), juokinti
juokintų, juokinti
juokintu(mė)me, juokinti
juokintu(mė)te, juokinti
justi, justi
juntu, justi
junti, justi
junta, justi
juntame, justi
juntate, justi
jusk, justi
juskite, justi
juskime, justi
jutau, justi
jutai, justi
juto, justi
jutome, justi
jutote, justi
jusdavau, justi
jusdavai, justi
jusdavo, justi
jusdavome, justi
jusdavote, justi
jusiu, justi
jusi, justi
jus, justi
jusime, justi
jusite, justi
jusčiau, justi
justum(ei), justi
justų, justi
justu(mė)me, justi
justu(mė)te, justi
kabėti, kabėti
kabu, kabėti
kabi, kabėti
kaba, kabėti
kabame, kabėti
kabate, kabėti
kabėk, kabėti
kabėkite, kabėti
kabėkime, kabėti
kabėjau, kabėti
kabėjai, kabėti
kabėjo, kabėti
kabėjome, kabėti
kabėjote, kabėti
kabėdavau, kabėti
kabėdavai, kabėti
kabėdavo, kabėti
kabėdavome, kabėti
kabėdavote, kabėti
kabėsiu, kabėti
kabėsi, kabėti
kabės, kabėti
kabėsime, kabėti
kabėsite, kabėti
kabėčiau, kabėti
kabėtum(ei), kabėti
kabėtų, kabėti
kabėtu(mė)me, kabėti
kabėtu(mė)te, kabėti
kabinti, kabinti
kabinu, kabinti
kabini, kabinti
kabina, kabinti
kabiname, kabinti
kabinate, kabinti
kabink, kabinti
kabinkite, kabinti
kabinkime, kabinti
kabinau, kabinti
kabinai, kabinti
kabino, kabinti
kabinome, kabinti
kabinote, kabinti
kabindavau, kabinti
kabindavai, kabinti
kabindavo, kabinti
kabindavome, kabinti
kabindavote, kabinti
kabinsiu, kabinti
kabinsi, kabinti
kabins, kabinti
kabinsime, kabinti
kabinsite, kabinti
kabinčiau, kabinti
kabintum(ei), kabinti
kabintų, kabinti
kabintu(mė)me, kabinti
kabintu(mė)te, kabinti
kaboti, kaboti
kabau, kaboti
kabai, kaboti
kabo, kaboti
kabome, kaboti
kabote, kaboti
kabok, kaboti
kabokite, kaboti
kabokime, kaboti
kabojau, kaboti
kabojai, kaboti
kabojo, kaboti
kabojome, kaboti
kabojote, kaboti
kabodavau, kaboti
kabodavai, kaboti
kabodavo, kaboti
kabodavome, kaboti
kabodavote, kaboti
kabosiu, kaboti
kabosi, kaboti
kabos, kaboti
kabosime, kaboti
kabosite, kaboti
kabočiau, kaboti
kabotum(ei), kaboti
kabotų, kaboti
kabotu(mė)me, kaboti
kabotu(mė)te, kaboti
kainuoti, kainuoti
kainuoju, kainuoti
kainuoji, kainuoti
kainuoja, kainuoti
kainuojame, kainuoti
kainuojate, kainuoti
kainuok, kainuoti
kainuokite, kainuoti
kainuokime, kainuoti
kainavau, kainuoti
kainavai, kainuoti
kainavo, kainuoti
kainavome, kainuoti
kainavote, kainuoti
kainuodavau, kainuoti
kainuodavai, kainuoti
kainuodavo, kainuoti
kainuodavome, kainuoti
kainuodavote, kainuoti
kainuosiu, kainuoti
kainuosi, kainuoti
kainuos, kainuoti
kainuosime, kainuoti
kainuosite, kainuoti
kainuočiau, kainuoti
kainuotum(ei), kainuoti
kainuotų, kainuoti
kainuotu(mė)me, kainuoti
kainuotu(mė)te, kainuoti
kaišioti, kaišioti
kaišioju, kaišioti
kaišioji, kaišioti
kaišioja, kaišioti
kaišiojame, kaišioti
kaišiojate, kaišioti
kaišiok, kaišioti
kaišiokite, kaišioti
kaišiokime, kaišioti
kaišiojau, kaišioti
kaišiojai, kaišioti
kaišiojo, kaišioti
kaišiojome, kaišioti
kaišiojote, kaišioti
kaišiodavau, kaišioti
kaišiodavai, kaišioti
kaišiodavo, kaišioti
kaišiodavome, kaišioti
kaišiodavote, kaišioti
kaišiosiu, kaišioti
kaišiosi, kaišioti
kaišios, kaišioti
kaišiosime, kaišioti
kaišiosite, kaišioti
kaišiočiau, kaišioti
kaišiotum(ei), kaišioti
kaišiotų, kaišioti
kaišiotu(mė)me, kaišioti
kaišiotu(mė)te, kaišioti
kaisti, kaisti
kaistu, kaisti
kaisti, kaisti
kaista, kaisti
kaistame, kaisti
kaistate, kaisti
kaisk, kaisti
kaiskite, kaisti
kaiskime, kaisti
kaitau, kaisti
kaitai, kaisti
kaito, kaisti
kaitome, kaisti
kaitote, kaisti
kaisdavau, kaisti
kaisdavai, kaisti
kaisdavo, kaisti
kaisdavome, kaisti
kaisdavote, kaisti
kaisiu, kaisti
kaisi, kaisti
kais, kaisti
kaisime, kaisti
kaisite, kaisti
kaisčiau, kaisti
kaistum(ei), kaisti
kaistų, kaisti
kaistu(mė)me, kaisti
kaistu(mė)te, kaisti
kaitinti, kaitinti
kaitinu, kaitinti
kaitini, kaitinti
kaitina, kaitinti
kaitiname, kaitinti
kaitinate, kaitinti
kaitink, kaitinti
kaitinkite, kaitinti
kaitinkime, kaitinti
kaitinau, kaitinti
kaitinai, kaitinti
kaitino, kaitinti
kaitinome, kaitinti
kaitinote, kaitinti
kaitindavau, kaitinti
kaitindavai, kaitinti
kaitindavo, kaitinti
kaitindavome, kaitinti
kaitindavote, kaitinti
kaitinsiu, kaitinti
kaitinsi, kaitinti
kaitins, kaitinti
kaitinsime, kaitinti
kaitinsite, kaitinti
kaitinčiau, kaitinti
kaitintum(ei), kaitinti
kaitintų, kaitinti
kaitintu(mė)me, kaitinti
kaitintu(mė)te, kaitinti
kakoti, kakoti
kakoju, kakoti
kakoji, kakoti
kakoja, kakoti
kakojame, kakoti
kakojate, kakoti
kakok, kakoti
kakokite, kakoti
kakokime, kakoti
kakojau, kakoti
kakojai, kakoti
kakojo, kakoti
kakojome, kakoti
kakojote, kakoti
kakodavau, kakoti
kakodavai, kakoti
kakodavo, kakoti
kakodavome, kakoti
kakodavote, kakoti
kakosiu, kakoti
kakosi, kakoti
kakos, kakoti
kakosime, kakoti
kakosite, kakoti
kakočiau, kakoti
kakotum(ei), kakoti
kakotų, kakoti
kakotu(mė)me, kakoti
kakotu(mė)te, kakoti
kalbėti, kalbėti
kalbu, kalbėti
kalbi, kalbėti
kalba, kalbėti
kalbame, kalbėti
kalbate, kalbėti
kalbėk, kalbėti
kalbėkite, kalbėti
kalbėkime, kalbėti
kalbėjau, kalbėti
kalbėjai, kalbėti
kalbėjo, kalbėti
kalbėjome, kalbėti
kalbėjote, kalbėti
kalbėdavau, kalbėti
kalbėdavai, kalbėti
kalbėdavo, kalbėti
kalbėdavome, kalbėti
kalbėdavote, kalbėti
kalbėsiu, kalbėti
kalbėsi, kalbėti
kalbės, kalbėti
kalbėsime, kalbėti
kalbėsite, kalbėti
kalbėčiau, kalbėti
kalbėtum(ei), kalbėti
kalbėtų, kalbėti
kalbėtu(mė)me, kalbėti
kalbėtu(mė)te, kalbėti
kalbinti, kalbinti
kalbinu, kalbinti
kalbini, kalbinti
kalbina, kalbinti
kalbiname, kalbinti
kalbinate, kalbinti
kalbink, kalbinti
kalbinkite, kalbinti
kalbinkime, kalbinti
kalbinau, kalbinti
kalbinai, kalbinti
kalbino, kalbinti
kalbinome, kalbinti
kalbinote, kalbinti
kalbindavau, kalbinti
kalbindavai, kalbinti
kalbindavo, kalbinti
kalbindavome, kalbinti
kalbindavote, kalbinti
kalbinsiu, kalbinti
kalbinsi, kalbinti
kalbins, kalbinti
kalbinsime, kalbinti
kalbinsite, kalbinti
kalbinčiau, kalbinti
kalbintum(ei), kalbinti
kalbintų, kalbinti
kalbintu(mė)me, kalbinti
kalbintu(mė)te, kalbinti
kaldinti, kaldinti
kaldinu, kaldinti
kaldini, kaldinti
kaldina, kaldinti
kaldiname, kaldinti
kaldinate, kaldinti
kaldink, kaldinti
kaldinkite, kaldinti
kaldinkime, kaldinti
kaldinau, kaldinti
kaldinai, kaldinti
kaldino, kaldinti
kaldinome, kaldinti
kaldinote, kaldinti
kaldindavau, kaldinti
kaldindavai, kaldinti
kaldindavo, kaldinti
kaldindavome, kaldinti
kaldindavote, kaldinti
kaldinsiu, kaldinti
kaldinsi, kaldinti
kaldins, kaldinti
kaldinsime, kaldinti
kaldinsite, kaldinti
kaldinčiau, kaldinti
kaldintum(ei), kaldinti
kaldintų, kaldinti
kaldintu(mė)me, kaldinti
kaldintu(mė)te, kaldinti
kalėti, kalėti
kaliu, kalėti
kali, kalėti
kali, kalėti
kalime, kalėti
kalite, kalėti
kalėk, kalėti
kalėkite, kalėti
kalėkime, kalėti
kalėjau, kalėti
kalėjai, kalėti
kalėjo, kalėti
kalėjome, kalėti
kalėjote, kalėti
kalėdavau, kalėti
kalėdavai, kalėti
kalėdavo, kalėti
kalėdavome, kalėti
kalėdavote, kalėti
kalėsiu, kalėti
kalėsi, kalėti
kalės, kalėti
kalėsime, kalėti
kalėsite, kalėti
kalėčiau, kalėti
kalėtum(ei), kalėti
kalėtų, kalėti
kalėtu(mė)me, kalėti
kalėtu(mė)te, kalėti
kalti, kalti
kalu, kalti
kali, kalti
kala, kalti
kalame, kalti
kalate, kalti
kalk, kalti
kalkite, kalti
kalkime, kalti
kaliau, kalti
kalei, kalti
kalė, kalti
kalėme, kalti
kalėte, kalti
kaldavau, kalti
kaldavai, kalti
kaldavo, kalti
kaldavome, kalti
kaldavote, kalti
kalsiu, kalti
kalsi, kalti
kals, kalti
kalsime, kalti
kalsite, kalti
kalčiau, kalti
kaltum(ei), kalti
kaltų, kalti
kaltu(mė)me, kalti
kaltu(mė)te, kalti
kaltinti, kaltinti
kaltinu, kaltinti
kaltini, kaltinti
kaltina, kaltinti
kaltiname, kaltinti
kaltinate, kaltinti
kaltink, kaltinti
kaltinkite, kaltinti
kaltinkime, kaltinti
kaltinau, kaltinti
kaltinai, kaltinti
kaltino, kaltinti
kaltinome, kaltinti
kaltinote, kaltinti
kaltindavau, kaltinti
kaltindavai, kaltinti
kaltindavo, kaltinti
kaltindavome, kaltinti
kaltindavote, kaltinti
kaltinsiu, kaltinti
kaltinsi, kaltinti
kaltins, kaltinti
kaltinsime, kaltinti
kaltinsite, kaltinti
kaltinčiau, kaltinti
kaltintum(ei), kaltinti
kaltintų, kaltinti
kaltintu(mė)me, kaltinti
kaltintu(mė)te, kaltinti
kamšyti, kamšyti
kamšau, kamšyti
kamšai, kamšyti
kamšo, kamšyti
kamšome, kamšyti
kamšote, kamšyti
kamšyk, kamšyti
kamšykite, kamšyti
kamšykime, kamšyti
kamšiau, kamšyti
kamšei, kamšyti
kamšė, kamšyti
kamšėme, kamšyti
kamšėte, kamšyti
kamšydavau, kamšyti
kamšydavai, kamšyti
kamšydavo, kamšyti
kamšydavome, kamšyti
kamšydavote, kamšyti
kamšysiu, kamšyti
kamšysi, kamšyti
kamšys, kamšyti
kamšysime, kamšyti
kamšysite, kamšyti
kamšyčiau, kamšyti
kamšytum(ei), kamšyti
kamšytų, kamšyti
kamšytu(mė)me, kamšyti
kamšytu(mė)te, kamšyti
kamuoti, kamuoti
kamuoju, kamuoti
kamuoji, kamuoti
kamuoja, kamuoti
kamuojame, kamuoti
kamuojate, kamuoti
kamuok, kamuoti
kamuokite, kamuoti
kamuokime, kamuoti
kamavau, kamuoti
kamavai, kamuoti
kamavo, kamuoti
kamavome, kamuoti
kamavote, kamuoti
kamuodavau, kamuoti
kamuodavai, kamuoti
kamuodavo, kamuoti
kamuodavome, kamuoti
kamuodavote, kamuoti
kamuosiu, kamuoti
kamuosi, kamuoti
kamuos, kamuoti
kamuosime, kamuoti
kamuosite, kamuoti
kamuočiau, kamuoti
kamuotum(ei), kamuoti
kamuotų, kamuoti
kamuotu(mė)me, kamuoti
kamuotu(mė)te, kamuoti
kandidatuoti, kandidatuoti
kandidatuoju, kandidatuoti
kandidatuoji, kandidatuoti
kandidatuoja, kandidatuoti
kandidatuojame, kandidatuoti
kandidatuojate, kandidatuoti
kandidatuok, kandidatuoti
kandidatuokite, kandidatuoti
kandidatuokime, kandidatuoti
kandidatavau, kandidatuoti
kandidatavai, kandidatuoti
kandidatavo, kandidatuoti
kandidatavome, kandidatuoti
kandidatavote, kandidatuoti
kandidatuodavau, kandidatuoti
kandidatuodavai, kandidatuoti
kandidatuodavo, kandidatuoti
kandidatuodavome, kandidatuoti
kandidatuodavote, kandidatuoti
kandidatuosiu, kandidatuoti
kandidatuosi, kandidatuoti
kandidatuos, kandidatuoti
kandidatuosime, kandidatuoti
kandidatuosite, kandidatuoti
kandidatuočiau, kandidatuoti
kandidatuotum(ei), kandidatuoti
kandidatuotų, kandidatuoti
kandidatuotu(mė)me, kandidatuoti
kandidatuotu(mė)te, kandidatuoti
kandžioti, kandžioti
kandžioju, kandžioti
kandžioji, kandžioti
kandžioja, kandžioti
kandžiojame, kandžioti
kandžiojate, kandžioti
kandžiok, kandžioti
kandžiokite, kandžioti
kandžiokime, kandžioti
kandžiojau, kandžioti
kandžiojai, kandžioti
kandžiojo, kandžioti
kandžiojome, kandžioti
kandžiojote, kandžioti
kandžiodavau, kandžioti
kandžiodavai, kandžioti
kandžiodavo, kandžioti
kandžiodavome, kandžioti
kandžiodavote, kandžioti
kandžiosiu, kandžioti
kandžiosi, kandžioti
kandžios, kandžioti
kandžiosime, kandžioti
kandžiosite, kandžioti
kandžiočiau, kandžioti
kandžiotum(ei), kandžioti
kandžiotų, kandžioti
kandžiotu(mė)me, kandžioti
kandžiotu(mė)te, kandžioti
kankinti, kankinti
kankinu, kankinti
kankini, kankinti
kankina, kankinti
kankiname, kankinti
kankinate, kankinti
kankink, kankinti
kankinkite, kankinti
kankinkime, kankinti
kankinau, kankinti
kankinai, kankinti
kankino, kankinti
kankinome, kankinti
kankinote, kankinti
kankindavau, kankinti
kankindavai, kankinti
kankindavo, kankinti
kankindavome, kankinti
kankindavote, kankinti
kankinsiu, kankinti
kankinsi, kankinti
kankins, kankinti
kankinsime, kankinti
kankinsite, kankinti
kankinčiau, kankinti
kankintum(ei), kankinti
kankintų, kankinti
kankintu(mė)me, kankinti
kankintu(mė)te, kankinti
kariauti, kariauti
kariauju, kariauti
kariauji, kariauti
kariauja, kariauti
kariaujame, kariauti
kariaujate, kariauti
kariauk, kariauti
kariaukite, kariauti
kariaukime, kariauti
kariavau, kariauti
kariavai, kariauti
kariavo, kariauti
kariavome, kariauti
kariavote, kariauti
kariaudavau, kariauti
kariaudavai, kariauti
kariaudavo, kariauti
kariaudavome, kariauti
kariaudavote, kariauti
kariausiu, kariauti
kariausi, kariauti
kariaus, kariauti
kariausime, kariauti
kariausite, kariauti
kariaučiau, kariauti
kariautum(ei), kariauti
kariautų, kariauti
kariautu(mė)me, kariauti
kariautu(mė)te, kariauti
karpyti, karpyti
karpau, karpyti
karpai, karpyti
karpo, karpyti
karpome, karpyti
karpote, karpyti
karpyk, karpyti
karpykite, karpyti
karpykime, karpyti
karpiau, karpyti
karpei, karpyti
karpė, karpyti
karpėme, karpyti
karpėte, karpyti
karpydavau, karpyti
karpydavai, karpyti
karpydavo, karpyti
karpydavome, karpyti
karpydavote, karpyti
karpysiu, karpyti
karpysi, karpyti
karpys, karpyti
karpysime, karpyti
karpysite, karpyti
karpyčiau, karpyti
karpytum(ei), karpyti
karpytų, karpyti
karpytu(mė)me, karpyti
karpytu(mė)te, karpyti
karščiuoti, karščiuoti
karščiuoju, karščiuoti
karščiuoji, karščiuoti
karščiuoja, karščiuoti
karščiuojame, karščiuoti
karščiuojate, karščiuoti
karščiuok, karščiuoti
karščiuokite, karščiuoti
karščiuokime, karščiuoti
karščiavau, karščiuoti
karščiavai, karščiuoti
karščiavo, karščiuoti
karščiavome, karščiuoti
karščiavote, karščiuoti
karščiuodavau, karščiuoti
karščiuodavai, karščiuoti
karščiuodavo, karščiuoti
karščiuodavome, karščiuoti
karščiuodavote, karščiuoti
karščiuosiu, karščiuoti
karščiuosi, karščiuoti
karščiuos, karščiuoti
karščiuosime, karščiuoti
karščiuosite, karščiuoti
karščiuočiau, karščiuoti
karščiuotum(ei), karščiuoti
karščiuotų, karščiuoti
karščiuotu(mė)me, karščiuoti
karščiuotu(mė)te, karščiuoti
karšinti, karšinti
karšinu, karšinti
karšini, karšinti
karšina, karšinti
karšiname, karšinti
karšinate, karšinti
karšink, karšinti
karšinkite, karšinti
karšinkime, karšinti
karšinau, karšinti
karšinai, karšinti
karšino, karšinti
karšinome, karšinti
karšinote, karšinti
karšindavau, karšinti
karšindavai, karšinti
karšindavo, karšinti
karšindavome, karšinti
karšindavote, karšinti
karšinsiu, karšinti
karšinsi, karšinti
karšins, karšinti
karšinsime, karšinti
karšinsite, karšinti
karšinčiau, karšinti
karšintum(ei), karšinti
karšintų, karšinti
karšintu(mė)me, karšinti
karšintu(mė)te, karšinti
karšti, karšti
karšinu, karšti
karšini, karšti
karšina, karšti
karšiname, karšti
karšinate, karšti
karšk, karšti
karškite, karšti
karškime, karšti
karšinau, karšti
karšinai, karšti
karšino, karšti
karšinome, karšti
karšinote, karšti
karšdavau, karšti
karšdavai, karšti
karšdavo, karšti
karšdavome, karšti
karšdavote, karšti
karššiu, karšti
karšši, karšti
karšš, karšti
karššime, karšti
karššite, karšti
karščiau, karšti
karštum(ei), karšti
karštų, karšti
karštu(mė)me, karšti
karštu(mė)te, karšti
karsti, karsti
karstu, karsti
karsti, karsti
karsta, karsti
karstame, karsti
karstate, karsti
karsk, karsti
karskite, karsti
karskime, karsti
kartau, karsti
kartai, karsti
karto, karsti
kartome, karsti
kartote, karsti
karsdavau, karsti
karsdavai, karsti
karsdavo, karsti
karsdavome, karsti
karsdavote, karsti
karsiu, karsti
karsi, karsti
kars, karsti
karsime, karsti
karsite, karsti
karsčiau, karsti
karstum(ei), karsti
karstų, karsti
karstu(mė)me, karsti
karstu(mė)te, karsti
karti, karti
kariu, karti
kari, karti
karia, karti
kariame, karti
kariate, karti
kark, karti
karkite, karti
karkime, karti
koriau, karti
korei, karti
korė, karti
korėme, karti
korėte, karti
kardavau, karti
kardavai, karti
kardavo, karti
kardavome, karti
kardavote, karti
karsiu, karti
karsi, karti
kars, karti
karsime, karti
karsite, karti
karčiau, karti
kartum(ei), karti
kartų, karti
kartu(mė)me, karti
kartu(mė)te, karti
kartoti, kartoti
kartoju, kartoti
kartoji, kartoti
kartoja, kartoti
kartojame, kartoti
kartojate, kartoti
kartok, kartoti
kartokite, kartoti
kartokime, kartoti
kartojau, kartoti
kartojai, kartoti
kartojo, kartoti
kartojome, kartoti
kartojote, kartoti
kartodavau, kartoti
kartodavai, kartoti
kartodavo, kartoti
kartodavome, kartoti
kartodavote, kartoti
kartosiu, kartoti
kartosi, kartoti
kartos, kartoti
kartosime, kartoti
kartosite, kartoti
kartočiau, kartoti
kartotum(ei), kartoti
kartotų, kartoti
kartotu(mė)me, kartoti
kartotu(mė)te, kartoti
karūnuoti, karūnuoti
karūnuoju, karūnuoti
karūnuoji, karūnuoti
karūnuoja, karūnuoti
karūnuojame, karūnuoti
karūnuojate, karūnuoti
karūnuok, karūnuoti
karūnuokite, karūnuoti
karūnuokime, karūnuoti
karūnavau, karūnuoti
karūnavai, karūnuoti
karūnavo, karūnuoti
karūnavome, karūnuoti
karūnavote, karūnuoti
karūnuodavau, karūnuoti
karūnuodavai, karūnuoti
karūnuodavo, karūnuoti
karūnuodavome, karūnuoti
karūnuodavote, karūnuoti
karūnuosiu, karūnuoti
karūnuosi, karūnuoti
karūnuos, karūnuoti
karūnuosime, karūnuoti
karūnuosite, karūnuoti
karūnuočiau, karūnuoti
karūnuotum(ei), karūnuoti
karūnuotų, karūnuoti
karūnuotu(mė)me, karūnuoti
karūnuotu(mė)te, karūnuoti
kasinėti, kasinėti
kasinėju, kasinėti
kasinėji, kasinėti
kasinėja, kasinėti
kasinėjame, kasinėti
kasinėjate, kasinėti
kasinėk, kasinėti
kasinėkite, kasinėti
kasinėkime, kasinėti
kasinėjau, kasinėti
kasinėjai, kasinėti
kasinėjo, kasinėti
kasinėjome, kasinėti
kasinėjote, kasinėti
kasinėdavau, kasinėti
kasinėdavai, kasinėti
kasinėdavo, kasinėti
kasinėdavome, kasinėti
kasinėdavote, kasinėti
kasinėsiu, kasinėti
kasinėsi, kasinėti
kasinės, kasinėti
kasinėsime, kasinėti
kasinėsite, kasinėti
kasinėčiau, kasinėti
kasinėtum(ei), kasinėti
kasinėtų, kasinėti
kasinėtu(mė)me, kasinėti
kasinėtu(mė)te, kasinėti
kasti, kasti
kasu, kasti
kasi, kasti
kasa, kasti
kasame, kasti
kasate, kasti
kask, kasti
kaskite, kasti
kaskime, kasti
kasiau, kasti
kasei, kasti
kasė, kasti
kasėme, kasti
kasėte, kasti
kasdavau, kasti
kasdavai, kasti
kasdavo, kasti
kasdavome, kasti
kasdavote, kasti
kasiu, kasti
kasi, kasti
kas, kasti
kasime, kasti
kasite, kasti
kasčiau, kasti
kastum(ei), kasti
kastų, kasti
kastu(mė)me, kasti
kastu(mė)te, kasti
kąsti, kąsti
kasau, kąsti
kasai, kąsti
kaso, kąsti
kasome, kąsti
kasote, kąsti
kąsk, kąsti
kąskite, kąsti
kąskime, kąsti
kasiau, kąsti
kasei, kąsti
kasė, kąsti
kasėme, kąsti
kasėte, kąsti
kąsdavau, kąsti
kąsdavai, kąsti
kąsdavo, kąsti
kąsdavome, kąsti
kąsdavote, kąsti
kąsiu, kąsti
kąsi, kąsti
kąs, kąsti
kąsime, kąsti
kąsite, kąsti
kąsčiau, kąsti
kąstum(ei), kąsti
kąstų, kąsti
kąstu(mė)me, kąsti
kąstu(mė)te, kąsti
kasyti, kasyti
kasau, kasyti
kasai, kasyti
kaso, kasyti
kasome, kasyti
kasote, kasyti
kasyk, kasyti
kasykite, kasyti
kasykime, kasyti
kasiau, kasyti
kasei, kasyti
kasė, kasyti
kasėme, kasyti
kasėte, kasyti
kasydavau, kasyti
kasydavai, kasyti
kasydavo, kasyti
kasydavome, kasyti
kasydavote, kasyti
kasysiu, kasyti
kasysi, kasyti
kasys, kasyti
kasysime, kasyti
kasysite, kasyti
kasyčiau, kasyti
kasytum(ei), kasyti
kasytų, kasyti
kasytu(mė)me, kasyti
kasytu(mė)te, kasyti
kaukti, kaukti
kaukiu, kaukti
kauki, kaukti
kaukia, kaukti
kaukiame, kaukti
kaukiate, kaukti
kauk, kaukti
kaukite, kaukti
kaukime, kaukti
kaukiau, kaukti
kaukei, kaukti
kaukė, kaukti
kaukėme, kaukti
kaukėte, kaukti
kaukdavau, kaukti
kaukdavai, kaukti
kaukdavo, kaukti
kaukdavome, kaukti
kaukdavote, kaukti
kauksiu, kaukti
kauksi, kaukti
kauks, kaukti
kauksime, kaukti
kauksite, kaukti
kaukčiau, kaukti
kauktum(ei), kaukti
kauktų, kaukti
kauktu(mė)me, kaukti
kauktu(mė)te, kaukti
kaulėti, kaulėti
kaulėju, kaulėti
kaulėji, kaulėti
kaulėja, kaulėti
kaulėjame, kaulėti
kaulėjate, kaulėti
kaulėk, kaulėti
kaulėkite, kaulėti
kaulėkime, kaulėti
kaulėjau, kaulėti
kaulėjai, kaulėti
kaulėjo, kaulėti
kaulėjome, kaulėti
kaulėjote, kaulėti
kaulėdavau, kaulėti
kaulėdavai, kaulėti
kaulėdavo, kaulėti
kaulėdavome, kaulėti
kaulėdavote, kaulėti
kaulėsiu, kaulėti
kaulėsi, kaulėti
kaulės, kaulėti
kaulėsime, kaulėti
kaulėsite, kaulėti
kaulėčiau, kaulėti
kaulėtum(ei), kaulėti
kaulėtų, kaulėti
kaulėtu(mė)me, kaulėti
kaulėtu(mė)te, kaulėti
kaupti, kaupti
kaupiu, kaupti
kaupi, kaupti
kaupia, kaupti
kaupiame, kaupti
kaupiate, kaupti
kaupk, kaupti
kaupkite, kaupti
kaupkime, kaupti
kaupiau, kaupti
kaupei, kaupti
kaupė, kaupti
kaupėme, kaupti
kaupėte, kaupti
kaupdavau, kaupti
kaupdavai, kaupti
kaupdavo, kaupti
kaupdavome, kaupti
kaupdavote, kaupti
kaupsiu, kaupti
kaupsi, kaupti
kaups, kaupti
kaupsime, kaupti
kaupsite, kaupti
kaupčiau, kaupti
kauptum(ei), kaupti
kauptų, kaupti
kauptu(mė)me, kaupti
kauptu(mė)te, kaupti
kaustyti, kaustyti
kaustau, kaustyti
kaustai, kaustyti
kausto, kaustyti
kaustome, kaustyti
kaustote, kaustyti
kaustyk, kaustyti
kaustykite, kaustyti
kaustykime, kaustyti
kaustei, kaustyti
kaustė, kaustyti
kaustėme, kaustyti
kaustėte, kaustyti
kaustydavau, kaustyti
kaustydavai, kaustyti
kaustydavo, kaustyti
kaustydavome, kaustyti
kaustydavote, kaustyti
kaustysiu, kaustyti
kaustysi, kaustyti
kaustys, kaustyti
kaustysime, kaustyti
kaustysite, kaustyti
kaustyčiau, kaustyti
kaustytum(ei), kaustyti
kaustytų, kaustyti
kaustytu(mė)me, kaustyti
kaustytu(mė)te, kaustyti
kauti, kauti
kaunu, kauti
kauni, kauti
kauna, kauti
kauname, kauti
kaunate, kauti
kauk, kauti
kaukite, kauti
kaukime, kauti
koviau, kauti
kovei, kauti
kovė, kauti
kovėme, kauti
kovėte, kauti
kaudavau, kauti
kaudavai, kauti
kaudavo, kauti
kaudavome, kauti
kaudavote, kauti
kausiu, kauti
kausi, kauti
kaus, kauti
kausime, kauti
kausite, kauti
kaučiau, kauti
kautum(ei), kauti
kautų, kauti
kautu(mė)me, kauti
kautu(mė)te, kauti
kavoti, kavoti
kavoju, kavoti
kavoji, kavoti
kavoja, kavoti
kavojame, kavoti
kavojate, kavoti
kavok, kavoti
kavokite, kavoti
kavokime, kavoti
kavojau, kavoti
kavojai, kavoti
kavojo, kavoti
kavojome, kavoti
kavojote, kavoti
kavodavau, kavoti
kavodavai, kavoti
kavodavo, kavoti
kavodavome, kavoti
kavodavote, kavoti
kavosiu, kavoti
kavosi, kavoti
kavos, kavoti
kavosime, kavoti
kavosite, kavoti
kavočiau, kavoti
kavotum(ei), kavoti
kavotų, kavoti
kavotu(mė)me, kavoti
kavotu(mė)te, kavoti
kedenti, kedenti
kedenu, kedenti
kedeni, kedenti
kedena, kedenti
kedename, kedenti
kedenate, kedenti
kedenk, kedenti
kedenkite, kedenti
kedenkime, kedenti
kedenau, kedenti
kedenai, kedenti
kedeno, kedenti
kedenome, kedenti
kedenote, kedenti
kedendavau, kedenti
kedendavai, kedenti
kedendavo, kedenti
kedendavome, kedenti
kedendavote, kedenti
kedensiu, kedenti
kedensi, kedenti
kedens, kedenti
kedensime, kedenti
kedensite, kedenti
kedenčiau, kedenti
kedentum(ei), kedenti
kedentų, kedenti
kedentu(mė)me, kedenti
kedentu(mė)te, kedenti
keiksnoti, keiksnoti
keiksnoju, keiksnoti
keiksnoji, keiksnoti
keiksnoja, keiksnoti
keiksnojame, keiksnoti
keiksnojate, keiksnoti
keiksnok, keiksnoti
keiksnokite, keiksnoti
keiksnokime, keiksnoti
keiksnojau, keiksnoti
keiksnojai, keiksnoti
keiksnojo, keiksnoti
keiksnojome, keiksnoti
keiksnojote, keiksnoti
keiksnodavau, keiksnoti
keiksnodavai, keiksnoti
keiksnodavo, keiksnoti
keiksnodavome, keiksnoti
keiksnodavote, keiksnoti
keiksnosiu, keiksnoti
keiksnosi, keiksnoti
keiksnos, keiksnoti
keiksnosime, keiksnoti
keiksnosite, keiksnoti
keiksnočiau, keiksnoti
keiksnotum(ei), keiksnoti
keiksnotų, keiksnoti
keiksnotu(mė)me, keiksnoti
keiksnotu(mė)te, keiksnoti
keikti, keikti
keikiu, keikti
keiki, keikti
keikia, keikti
keikiame, keikti
keikiate, keikti
keik, keikti
keikite, keikti
keikime, keikti
keikiau, keikti
keikei, keikti
keikė, keikti
keikėme, keikti
keikėte, keikti
keikdavau, keikti
keikdavai, keikti
keikdavo, keikti
keikdavome, keikti
keikdavote, keikti
keiksiu, keikti
keiksi, keikti
keiks, keikti
keiksime, keikti
keiksite, keikti
keikčiau, keikti
keiktum(ei), keikti
keiktų, keikti
keiktu(mė)me, keikti
keiktu(mė)te, keikti
keisti, keisti
keičiu, keisti
keiči, keisti
keičia, keisti
keičiame, keisti
keičiate, keisti
keisk, keisti
keiskite, keisti
keiskime, keisti
keitei, keisti
keitė, keisti
keitėme, keisti
keitėte, keisti
keisdavau, keisti
keisdavai, keisti
keisdavo, keisti
keisdavome, keisti
keisdavote, keisti
keisiu, keisti
keisi, keisti
keis, keisti
keisime, keisti
keisite, keisti
keisčiau, keisti
keistum(ei), keisti
keistų, keisti
keistu(mė)me, keisti
keistu(mė)te, keisti
keliauti, keliauti
keliauju, keliauti
keliauji, keliauti
keliauja, keliauti
keliaujame, keliauti
keliaujate, keliauti
keliauk, keliauti
keliaukite, keliauti
keliaukime, keliauti
keliavau, keliauti
keliavai, keliauti
keliavo, keliauti
keliavome, keliauti
keliavote, keliauti
keliaudavau, keliauti
keliaudavai, keliauti
keliaudavo, keliauti
keliaudavome, keliauti
keliaudavote, keliauti
keliausiu, keliauti
keliausi, keliauti
keliaus, keliauti
keliausime, keliauti
keliausite, keliauti
keliaučiau, keliauti
keliautum(ei), keliauti
keliautų, keliauti
keliautu(mė)me, keliauti
keliautu(mė)te, keliauti
kelti, kelti
keliu, kelti
keli, kelti
kelia, kelti
keliame, kelti
keliate, kelti
kelk, kelti
kelkite, kelti
kelkime, kelti
kėliau, kelti
kėlei, kelti
kėlė, kelti
kėlėme, kelti
kėlėte, kelti
keldavau, kelti
keldavai, kelti
keldavo, kelti
keldavome, kelti
keldavote, kelti
kelsiu, kelti
kelsi, kelti
kels, kelti
kelsime, kelti
kelsite, kelti
kelčiau, kelti
keltum(ei), kelti
keltų, kelti
keltu(mė)me, kelti
keltu(mė)te, kelti
kenkti, kenkti
kenkiu, kenkti
kenki, kenkti
kenkia, kenkti
kenkiame, kenkti
kenkiate, kenkti
kenk, kenkti
kenkite, kenkti
kenkime, kenkti
kenkiau, kenkti
kenkei, kenkti
kenkė, kenkti
kenkėme, kenkti
kenkėte, kenkti
kenkdavau, kenkti
kenkdavai, kenkti
kenkdavo, kenkti
kenkdavome, kenkti
kenkdavote, kenkti
kenksiu, kenkti
kenksi, kenkti
kenks, kenkti
kenksime, kenkti
kenksite, kenkti
kenkčiau, kenkti
kenktum(ei), kenkti
kenktų, kenkti
kenktu(mė)me, kenkti
kenktu(mė)te, kenkti
kentėti, kentėti
kenčiu, kentėti
kenči, kentėti
kenčia, kentėti
kenčiame, kentėti
kenčiate, kentėti
kentėk, kentėti
kentėkite, kentėti
kentėkime, kentėti
kentėjau, kentėti
kentėjai, kentėti
kentėjo, kentėti
kentėjome, kentėti
kentėjote, kentėti
kentėdavau, kentėti
kentėdavai, kentėti
kentėdavo, kentėti
kentėdavome, kentėti
kentėdavote, kentėti
kentėsiu, kentėti
kentėsi, kentėti
kentės, kentėti
kentėsime, kentėti
kentėsite, kentėti
kentėčiau, kentėti
kentėtum(ei), kentėti
kentėtų, kentėti
kentėtu(mė)me, kentėti
kentėtu(mė)te, kentėti
kepinti, kepinti
kepintu, kepinti
kepinti, kepinti
kepinta, kepinti
kepintame, kepinti
kepintate, kepinti
kepink, kepinti
kepinkite, kepinti
kepinkime, kepinti
kepinau, kepinti
kepinai, kepinti
kepino, kepinti
kepinome, kepinti
kepinote, kepinti
kepindavau, kepinti
kepindavai, kepinti
kepindavo, kepinti
kepindavome, kepinti
kepindavote, kepinti
kepinsiu, kepinti
kepinsi, kepinti
kepins, kepinti
kepinsime, kepinti
kepinsite, kepinti
kepinčiau, kepinti
kepintum(ei), kepinti
kepintų, kepinti
kepintu(mė)me, kepinti
kepintu(mė)te, kepinti
kepti, kepti
kepu, kepti
kepi, kepti
kepa, kepti
kepame, kepti
kepate, kepti
kepk, kepti
kepkite, kepti
kepkime, kepti
kepiau, kepti
kepei, kepti
kepė, kepti
kepėme, kepti
kepėte, kepti
kepdavau, kepti
kepdavai, kepti
kepdavo, kepti
kepdavome, kepti
kepdavote, kepti
kepsiu, kepti
kepsi, kepti
keps, kepti
kepsime, kepti
kepsite, kepti
kepčiau, kepti
keptum(ei), kepti
keptų, kepti
keptu(mė)me, kepti
keptu(mė)te, kepti
kerėti, kerėti
keriu, kerėti
keri, kerėti
keri, kerėti
kerime, kerėti
kerite, kerėti
kerėk, kerėti
kerėkite, kerėti
kerėkime, kerėti
kerėjau, kerėti
kerėjai, kerėti
kerėjo, kerėti
kerėjome, kerėti
kerėjote, kerėti
kerėdavau, kerėti
kerėdavai, kerėti
kerėdavo, kerėti
kerėdavome, kerėti
kerėdavote, kerėti
kerėsiu, kerėti
kerėsi, kerėti
kerės, kerėti
kerėsime, kerėti
kerėsite, kerėti
kerėčiau, kerėti
kerėtum(ei), kerėti
kerėtų, kerėti
kerėtu(mė)me, kerėti
kerėtu(mė)te, kerėti
kergti, kergti
kergiu, kergti
kergi, kergti
kergia, kergti
kergiame, kergti
kergiate, kergti
kerk, kergti
kerkite, kergti
kerkime, kergti
kergiau, kergti
kergei, kergti
kergė, kergti
kergėme, kergti
kergėte, kergti
kergdavau, kergti
kergdavai, kergti
kergdavo, kergti
kergdavome, kergti
kergdavote, kergti
kergsiu, kergti
kergsi, kergti
kergs, kergti
kergsime, kergti
kergsite, kergti
kergčiau, kergti
kergtum(ei), kergti
kergtų, kergti
kergtu(mė)me, kergti
kergtu(mė)te, kergti
kerpėti, kerpėti
kerpėju, kerpėti
kerpėji, kerpėti
kerpėja, kerpėti
kerpėjame, kerpėti
kerpėjate, kerpėti
kerpėk, kerpėti
kerpėkite, kerpėti
kerpėkime, kerpėti
kerpėjau, kerpėti
kerpėjai, kerpėti
kerpėjo, kerpėti
kerpėjome, kerpėti
kerpėjote, kerpėti
kerpėdavau, kerpėti
kerpėdavai, kerpėti
kerpėdavo, kerpėti
kerpėdavome, kerpėti
kerpėdavote, kerpėti
kerpėsiu, kerpėti
kerpėsi, kerpėti
kerpės, kerpėti
kerpėsime, kerpėti
kerpėsite, kerpėti
kerpėčiau, kerpėti
kerpėtum(ei), kerpėti
kerpėtų, kerpėti
kerpėtu(mė)me, kerpėti
kerpėtu(mė)te, kerpėti
kerštauti, kerštauti
kerštauju, kerštauti
kerštauji, kerštauti
kerštauja, kerštauti
kerštaujame, kerštauti
kerštaujate, kerštauti
kerštauk, kerštauti
kerštaukite, kerštauti
kerštaukime, kerštauti
kerštavau, kerštauti
kerštavai, kerštauti
kerštavo, kerštauti
kerštavome, kerštauti
kerštavote, kerštauti
kerštaudavau, kerštauti
kerštaudavai, kerštauti
kerštaudavo, kerštauti
kerštaudavome, kerštauti
kerštaudavote, kerštauti
kerštausiu, kerštauti
kerštausi, kerštauti
kerštaus, kerštauti
kerštausime, kerštauti
kerštausite, kerštauti
kerštaučiau, kerštauti
kerštautum(ei), kerštauti
kerštautų, kerštauti
kerštautu(mė)me, kerštauti
kerštautu(mė)te, kerštauti
keršyti, keršyti
keršiju, keršyti
keršiji, keršyti
keršija, keršyti
keršijame, keršyti
keršijate, keršyti
keršyk, keršyti
keršykite, keršyti
keršykime, keršyti
keršijau, keršyti
keršijai, keršyti
keršijo, keršyti
keršijome, keršyti
keršijote, keršyti
keršydavau, keršyti
keršydavai, keršyti
keršydavo, keršyti
keršydavome, keršyti
keršydavote, keršyti
keršysiu, keršyti
keršysi, keršyti
keršis, keršyti
keršysime, keršyti
keršysite, keršyti
keršyčiau, keršyti
keršytum(ei), keršyti
keršytų, keršyti
keršytu(mė)me, keršyti
keršytu(mė)te, keršyti
kerti, kerti
kęru, kerti
kęri, kerti
kęra, kerti
kęrame, kerti
kęrate, kerti
kerk, kerti
kerkite, kerti
kerkime, kerti
kerau, kerti
kerai, kerti
kero, kerti
kerome, kerti
kerote, kerti
kerdavau, kerti
kerdavai, kerti
kerdavo, kerti
kerdavome, kerti
kerdavote, kerti
kersiu, kerti
kersi, kerti
kers, kerti
kersime, kerti
kersite, kerti
kerčiau, kerti
kertum(ei), kerti
kertų, kerti
kertu(mė)me, kerti
kertu(mė)te, kerti
kėsti, kėsti
kečiu, kėsti
keči, kėsti
kečia, kėsti
kečiame, kėsti
kečiate, kėsti
kėsk, kėsti
kėskite, kėsti
kėskime, kėsti
kėtei, kėsti
kėtė, kėsti
kėtėme, kėsti
kėtėte, kėsti
kėsdavau, kėsti
kėsdavai, kėsti
kėsdavo, kėsti
kėsdavome, kėsti
kėsdavote, kėsti
kėsiu, kėsti
kėsi, kėsti
kės, kėsti
kėsime, kėsti
kėsite, kėsti
kėsčiau, kėsti
kėstum(ei), kėsti
kėstų, kėsti
kėstu(mė)me, kėsti
kėstu(mė)te, kėsti
kęsti, kęsti
kęru, kęsti
kęri, kęsti
kęra, kęsti
kęrame, kęsti
kęrate, kęsti
kęsk, kęsti
kęskite, kęsti
kęskime, kęsti
kerau, kęsti
kerai, kęsti
kero, kęsti
kerome, kęsti
kerote, kęsti
kęsdavau, kęsti
kęsdavai, kęsti
kęsdavo, kęsti
kęsdavome, kęsti
kęsdavote, kęsti
kęsiu, kęsti
kęsi, kęsti
kęs, kęsti
kęsime, kęsti
kęsite, kęsti
kęsčiau, kęsti
kęstum(ei), kęsti
kęstų, kęsti
kęstu(mė)me, kęsti
kęstu(mė)te, kęsti
ketinti, ketinti
ketinu, ketinti
ketini, ketinti
ketina, ketinti
ketiname, ketinti
ketinate, ketinti
ketink, ketinti
ketinkite, ketinti
ketinkime, ketinti
ketinau, ketinti
ketinai, ketinti
ketino, ketinti
ketinome, ketinti
ketinote, ketinti
ketindavau, ketinti
ketindavai, ketinti
ketindavo, ketinti
ketindavome, ketinti
ketindavote, ketinti
ketinsiu, ketinti
ketinsi, ketinti
ketins, ketinti
ketinsime, ketinti
ketinsite, ketinti
ketinčiau, ketinti
ketintum(ei), ketinti
ketintų, ketinti
ketintu(mė)me, ketinti
ketintu(mė)te, ketinti
keturgubinti, keturgubinti
keturgubinu, keturgubinti
keturgubini, keturgubinti
keturgubina, keturgubinti
keturgubiname, keturgubinti
keturgubinate, keturgubinti
keturgubink, keturgubinti
keturgubinkite, keturgubinti
keturgubinkime, keturgubinti
keturgubinau, keturgubinti
keturgubinai, keturgubinti
keturgubino, keturgubinti
keturgubinome, keturgubinti
keturgubinote, keturgubinti
keturgubindavau, keturgubinti
keturgubindavai, keturgubinti
keturgubindavo, keturgubinti
keturgubindavome, keturgubinti
keturgubindavote, keturgubinti
keturgubinsiu, keturgubinti
keturgubinsi, keturgubinti
keturgubins, keturgubinti
keturgubinsime, keturgubinti
keturgubinsite, keturgubinti
keturgubinčiau, keturgubinti
keturgubintum(ei), keturgubinti
keturgubintų, keturgubinti
keturgubintu(mė)me, keturgubinti
keturgubintu(mė)te, keturgubinti
kežti, kežti
kęžtu, kežti
kęžti, kežti
kęžta, kežti
kęžtame, kežti
kęžtate, kežti
kežk, kežti
kežkite, kežti
kežkime, kežti
kežau, kežti
kežai, kežti
kežo, kežti
kežome, kežti
kežote, kežti
keždavau, kežti
keždavai, kežti
keždavo, kežti
keždavome, kežti
keždavote, kežti
kežšiu, kežti
kežši, kežti
kežš, kežti
kežšime, kežti
kežšite, kežti
kežčiau, kežti
kežtum(ei), kežti
kežtų, kežti
kežtu(mė)me, kežti
kežtu(mė)te, kežti
kibirkščiuoti, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuoju, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuoji, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuoja, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuojame, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuojate, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuok, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuokite, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuokime, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiavau, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiavai, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiavo, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiavome, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiavote, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuodavau, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuodavai, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuodavo, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuodavome, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuodavote, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuosiu, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuosi, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuos, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuosime, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuosite, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuočiau, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuotum(ei), kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuotų, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuotu(mė)me, kibirkščiuoti
kibirkščiuotu(mė)te, kibirkščiuoti
kibti, kibti
kimbu, kibti
kimbi, kibti
kimba, kibti
kimbame, kibti
kimbate, kibti
kibk, kibti
kibkite, kibti
kibkime, kibti
kibau, kibti
kibai, kibti
kibo, kibti
kibome, kibti
kibote, kibti
kibdavau, kibti
kibdavai, kibti
kibdavo, kibti
kibdavome, kibti
kibdavote, kibti
kibsiu, kibti
kibsi, kibti
kibs, kibti
kibsime, kibti
kibsite, kibti
kibčiau, kibti
kibtum(ei), kibti
kibtų, kibti
kibtu(mė)me, kibti
kibtu(mė)te, kibti
kikenti, kikenti
kikenu, kikenti
kikeni, kikenti
kikena, kikenti
kikename, kikenti
kikenate, kikenti
kikenk, kikenti
kikenkite, kikenti
kikenkime, kikenti
kikenau, kikenti
kikenai, kikenti
kikeno, kikenti
kikenome, kikenti
kikenote, kikenti
kikendavau, kikenti
kikendavai, kikenti
kikendavo, kikenti
kikendavome, kikenti
kikendavote, kikenti
kikensiu, kikenti
kikensi, kikenti
kikens, kikenti
kikensime, kikenti
kikensite, kikenti
kikenčiau, kikenti
kikentum(ei), kikenti
kikentų, kikenti
kikentu(mė)me, kikenti
kikentu(mė)te, kikenti
kilnėti, kilnėti
kilnėju, kilnėti
kilnėji, kilnėti
kilnėja, kilnėti
kilnėjame, kilnėti
kilnėjate, kilnėti
kilnėk, kilnėti
kilnėkite, kilnėti
kilnėkime, kilnėti
kilnėjau, kilnėti
kilnėjai, kilnėti
kilnėjo, kilnėti
kilnėjome, kilnėti
kilnėjote, kilnėti
kilnėdavau, kilnėti
kilnėdavai, kilnėti
kilnėdavo, kilnėti
kilnėdavome, kilnėti
kilnėdavote, kilnėti
kilnėsiu, kilnėti
kilnėsi, kilnėti
kilnės, kilnėti
kilnėsime, kilnėti
kilnėsite, kilnėti
kilnėčiau, kilnėti
kilnėtum(ei), kilnėti
kilnėtų, kilnėti
kilnėtu(mė)me, kilnėti
kilnėtu(mė)te, kilnėti
kilnoti, kilnoti
kilnoju, kilnoti
kilnoji, kilnoti
kilnoja, kilnoti
kilnojame, kilnoti
kilnojate, kilnoti
kilnok, kilnoti
kilnokite, kilnoti
kilnokime, kilnoti
kilnojau, kilnoti
kilnojai, kilnoti
kilnojo, kilnoti
kilnojome, kilnoti
kilnojote, kilnoti
kilnodavau, kilnoti
kilnodavai, kilnoti
kilnodavo, kilnoti
kilnodavome, kilnoti
kilnodavote, kilnoti
kilnosiu, kilnoti
kilnosi, kilnoti
kilnos, kilnoti
kilnosime, kilnoti
kilnosite, kilnoti
kilnočiau, kilnoti
kilnotum(ei), kilnoti
kilnotų, kilnoti
kilnotu(mė)me, kilnoti
kilnotu(mė)te, kilnoti
kilstelėti, kilstelėti
kilsteliu, kilstelėti
kilsteli, kilstelėti
kilsteli, kilstelėti
kilstelime, kilstelėti
kilstelite, kilstelėti
kilstelėk, kilstelėti
kilstelėkite, kilstelėti
kilstelėkime, kilstelėti
kilstelėjau, kilstelėti
kilstelėjai, kilstelėti
kilstelėjo, kilstelėti
kilstelėjome, kilstelėti
kilstelėjote, kilstelėti
kilstelėdavau, kilstelėti
kilstelėdavai, kilstelėti
kilstelėdavo, kilstelėti
kilstelėdavome, kilstelėti
kilstelėdavote, kilstelėti
kilstelėsiu, kilstelėti
kilstelėsi, kilstelėti
kilstelės, kilstelėti
kilstelėsime, kilstelėti
kilstelėsite, kilstelėti
kilstelėčiau, kilstelėti
kilstelėtum(ei), kilstelėti
kilstelėtų, kilstelėti
kilstelėtu(mė)me, kilstelėti
kilstelėtu(mė)te, kilstelėti
kilti, kilti
kylu, kilti
kyli, kilti
kyla, kilti
kylame, kilti
kylate, kilti
kilk, kilti
kilkite, kilti
kilkime, kilti
kilau, kilti
kilai, kilti
kilo, kilti
kilome, kilti
kilote, kilti
kildavau, kilti
kildavai, kilti
kildavo, kilti
kildavome, kilti
kildavote, kilti
kilsiu, kilti
kilsi, kilti
kils, kilti
kilsime, kilti
kilsite, kilti
kilčiau, kilti
kiltum(ei), kilti
kiltų, kilti
kiltu(mė)me, kilti
kiltu(mė)te, kilti
kimšti, kimšti
kemšu, kimšti
kemši, kimšti
kemša, kimšti
kemšame, kimšti
kemšate, kimšti
kimšk, kimšti
kimškite, kimšti
kimškime, kimšti
kimšau, kimšti
kimšai, kimšti
kimšo, kimšti
kimšome, kimšti
kimšote, kimšti
kimšdavau, kimšti
kimšdavai, kimšti
kimšdavo, kimšti
kimšdavome, kimšti
kimšdavote, kimšti
kimššiu, kimšti
kimšši, kimšti
kimšš, kimšti
kimššime, kimšti
kimššite, kimšti
kimščiau, kimšti
kimštum(ei), kimšti
kimštų, kimšti
kimštu(mė)me, kimšti
kimštu(mė)te, kimšti
kinkyti, kinkyti
kinkau, kinkyti
kinkai, kinkyti
kinko, kinkyti
kinkome, kinkyti
kinkote, kinkyti
kinkyk, kinkyti
kinkykite, kinkyti
kinkykime, kinkyti
kinkiau, kinkyti
kinkei, kinkyti
kinkė, kinkyti
kinkėme, kinkyti
kinkėte, kinkyti
kinkydavau, kinkyti
kinkydavai, kinkyti
kinkydavo, kinkyti
kinkydavome, kinkyti
kinkydavote, kinkyti
kinkysiu, kinkyti
kinkysi, kinkyti
kinkys, kinkyti
kinkysime, kinkyti
kinkysite, kinkyti
kinkyčiau, kinkyti
kinkytum(ei), kinkyti
kinkytų, kinkyti
kinkytu(mė)me, kinkyti
kinkytu(mė)te, kinkyti
kirbėti, kirbėti
kirbu, kirbėti
kirbi, kirbėti
kirba, kirbėti
kirbame, kirbėti
kirbate, kirbėti
kirbėk, kirbėti
kirbėkite, kirbėti
kirbėkime, kirbėti
kirbėjau, kirbėti
kirbėjai, kirbėti
kirbėjo, kirbėti
kirbėjome, kirbėti
kirbėjote, kirbėti
kirbėdavau, kirbėti
kirbėdavai, kirbėti
kirbėdavo, kirbėti
kirbėdavome, kirbėti
kirbėdavote, kirbėti
kirbėsiu, kirbėti
kirbėsi, kirbėti
kirbės, kirbėti
kirbėsime, kirbėti
kirbėsite, kirbėti
kirbėčiau, kirbėti
kirbėtum(ei), kirbėti
kirbėtų, kirbėti
kirbėtu(mė)me, kirbėti
kirbėtu(mė)te, kirbėti
kirbti, kirbti
kirbstu, kirbti
kirbsti, kirbti
kirbsta, kirbti
kirbstame, kirbti
kirbstate, kirbti
kirbk, kirbti
kirbkite, kirbti
kirbkime, kirbti
kirbau, kirbti
kirbai, kirbti
kirbo, kirbti
kirbome, kirbti
kirbote, kirbti
kirbdavau, kirbti
kirbdavai, kirbti
kirbdavo, kirbti
kirbdavome, kirbti
kirbdavote, kirbti
kirbsiu, kirbti
kirbsi, kirbti
kirbs, kirbti
kirbsime, kirbti
kirbsite, kirbti
kirbčiau, kirbti
kirbtum(ei), kirbti
kirbtų, kirbti
kirbtu(mė)me, kirbti
kirbtu(mė)te, kirbti
kirčiuoti, kirčiuoti
kirčiuoju, kirčiuoti
kirčiuoji, kirčiuoti
kirčiuoja, kirčiuoti
kirčiuojame, kirčiuoti
kirčiuojate, kirčiuoti
kirčiuok, kirčiuoti
kirčiuokite, kirčiuoti
kirčiuokime, kirčiuoti
kirčiavau, kirčiuoti
kirčiavai, kirčiuoti
kirčiavo, kirčiuoti
kirčiavome, kirčiuoti
kirčiavote, kirčiuoti
kirčiuodavau, kirčiuoti
kirčiuodavai, kirčiuoti
kirčiuodavo, kirčiuoti
kirčiuodavome, kirčiuoti
kirčiuodavote, kirčiuoti
kirčiuosiu, kirčiuoti
kirčiuosi, kirčiuoti
kirčiuos, kirčiuoti
kirčiuosime, kirčiuoti
kirčiuosite, kirčiuoti
kirčiuočiau, kirčiuoti
kirčiuotum(ei), kirčiuoti
kirčiuotų, kirčiuoti
kirčiuotu(mė)me, kirčiuoti
kirčiuotu(mė)te, kirčiuoti
kirdyti, kirdyti
kirdžau, kirdyti
kirdai, kirdyti
kirdo, kirdyti
kirdome, kirdyti
kirdote, kirdyti
kirdyk, kirdyti
kirdykite, kirdyti
kirdykime, kirdyti
kirdei, kirdyti
kirdė, kirdyti
kirdėme, kirdyti
kirdėte, kirdyti
kirdydavau, kirdyti
kirdydavai, kirdyti
kirdydavo, kirdyti
kirdydavome, kirdyti
kirdydavote, kirdyti
kirdysiu, kirdyti
kirdysi, kirdyti
kirdys, kirdyti
kirdysime, kirdyti
kirdysite, kirdyti
kirdyčiau, kirdyti
kirdytum(ei), kirdyti
kirdytų, kirdyti
kirdytu(mė)me, kirdyti
kirdytu(mė)te, kirdyti
kirkinti, kirkinti
kirkinu, kirkinti
kirkini, kirkinti
kirkina, kirkinti
kirkiname, kirkinti
kirkinate, kirkinti
kirkink, kirkinti
kirkinkite, kirkinti
kirkinkime, kirkinti
kirkinau, kirkinti
kirkinai, kirkinti
kirkino, kirkinti
kirkinome, kirkinti
kirkinote, kirkinti
kirkindavau, kirkinti
kirkindavai, kirkinti
kirkindavo, kirkinti
kirkindavome, kirkinti
kirkindavote, kirkinti
kirkinsiu, kirkinti
kirkinsi, kirkinti
kirkins, kirkinti
kirkinsime, kirkinti
kirkinsite, kirkinti
kirkinčiau, kirkinti
kirkintum(ei), kirkinti
kirkintų, kirkinti
kirkintu(mė)me, kirkinti
kirkintu(mė)te, kirkinti
kirmyti, kirmyti
kirmiju, kirmyti
kirmiji, kirmyti
kirmija, kirmyti
kirmijame, kirmyti
kirmijate, kirmyti
kirmyk, kirmyti
kirmykite, kirmyti
kirmykime, kirmyti
kirmijau, kirmyti
kirmijai, kirmyti
kirmijo, kirmyti
kirmijome, kirmyti
kirmijote, kirmyti
kirmydavau, kirmyti
kirmydavai, kirmyti
kirmydavo, kirmyti
kirmydavome, kirmyti
kirmydavote, kirmyti
kirmysiu, kirmyti
kirmysi, kirmyti
kirmis, kirmyti
kirmysime, kirmyti
kirmysite, kirmyti
kirmyčiau, kirmyti
kirmytum(ei), kirmyti
kirmytų, kirmyti
kirmytu(mė)me, kirmyti
kirmytu(mė)te, kirmyti
kirpti, kirpti
kerpu, kirpti
kerpi, kirpti
kerpa, kirpti
kerpame, kirpti
kerpate, kirpti
kirpk, kirpti
kirpkite, kirpti
kirpkime, kirpti
kirpau, kirpti
kirpai, kirpti
kirpo, kirpti
kirpome, kirpti
kirpote, kirpti
kirpdavau, kirpti
kirpdavai, kirpti
kirpdavo, kirpti
kirpdavome, kirpti
kirpdavote, kirpti
kirpsiu, kirpti
kirpsi, kirpti
kirps, kirpti
kirpsime, kirpti
kirpsite, kirpti
kirpčiau, kirpti
kirptum(ei), kirpti
kirptų, kirpti
kirptu(mė)me, kirpti
kirptu(mė)te, kirpti
kiršinti, kiršinti
kiršinu, kiršinti
kiršini, kiršinti
kiršina, kiršinti
kiršiname, kiršinti
kiršinate, kiršinti
kiršink, kiršinti
kiršinkite, kiršinti
kiršinkime, kiršinti
kiršinau, kiršinti
kiršinai, kiršinti
kiršino, kiršinti
kiršinome, kiršinti
kiršinote, kiršinti
kiršindavau, kiršinti
kiršindavai, kiršinti
kiršindavo, kiršinti
kiršindavome, kiršinti
kiršindavote, kiršinti
kiršinsiu, kiršinti
kiršinsi, kiršinti
kiršins, kiršinti
kiršinsime, kiršinti
kiršinsite, kiršinti
kiršinčiau, kiršinti
kiršintum(ei), kiršinti
kiršintų, kiršinti
kiršintu(mė)me, kiršinti
kiršintu(mė)te, kiršinti
kirsti, kirsti
kertu, kirsti
kerti, kirsti
kerta, kirsti
kertame, kirsti
kertate, kirsti
kirsk, kirsti
kirskite, kirsti
kirskime, kirsti
kirtau, kirsti
kirtai, kirsti
kirto, kirsti
kirtome, kirsti
kirtote, kirsti
kirsdavau, kirsti
kirsdavai, kirsti
kirsdavo, kirsti
kirsdavome, kirsti
kirsdavote, kirsti
kirsiu, kirsti
kirsi, kirsti
kirs, kirsti
kirsime, kirsti
kirsite, kirsti
kirsčiau, kirsti
kirstum(ei), kirsti
kirstų, kirsti
kirstu(mė)me, kirsti
kirstu(mė)te, kirsti
kiškiakopūsteliauti, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliauju, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliauji, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliauja, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaujame, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaujate, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliauk, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaukite, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaukime, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliavau, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliavai, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliavo, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliavome, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliavote, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaudavau, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaudavai, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaudavo, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaudavome, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaudavote, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliausiu, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliausi, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaus, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliausime, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliausite, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliaučiau, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliautum(ei), kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliautų, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliautu(mė)me, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kiškiakopūsteliautu(mė)te, kiškiakopūsteliauti
kisti, kisti
kintu, kisti
kinti, kisti
kinta, kisti
kintame, kisti
kintate, kisti
kisk, kisti
kiskite, kisti
kiskime, kisti
kitau, kisti
kitai, kisti
kito, kisti
kitome, kisti
kitote, kisti
kisdavau, kisti
kisdavai, kisti
kisdavo, kisti
kisdavome, kisti
kisdavote, kisti
kisiu, kisti
kisi, kisti
kis, kisti
kisime, kisti
kisite, kisti
kisčiau, kisti
kistum(ei), kisti
kistų, kisti
kistu(mė)me, kisti
kistu(mė)te, kisti
kiurdyti, kiurdyti
kiurdžau, kiurdyti
kiurdai, kiurdyti
kiurdo, kiurdyti
kiurdome, kiurdyti
kiurdote, kiurdyti
kiurdyk, kiurdyti
kiurdykite, kiurdyti
kiurdykime, kiurdyti
kiurdei, kiurdyti
kiurdė, kiurdyti
kiurdėme, kiurdyti
kiurdėte, kiurdyti
kiurdydavau, kiurdyti
kiurdydavai, kiurdyti
kiurdydavo, kiurdyti
kiurdydavome, kiurdyti
kiurdydavote, kiurdyti
kiurdysiu, kiurdyti
kiurdysi, kiurdyti
kiurdys, kiurdyti
kiurdysime, kiurdyti
kiurdysite, kiurdyti
kiurdyčiau, kiurdyti
kiurdytum(ei), kiurdyti
kiurdytų, kiurdyti
kiurdytu(mė)me, kiurdyti
kiurdytu(mė)te, kiurdyti
klaidinti, klaidinti
klaidinu, klaidinti
klaidini, klaidinti
klaidina, klaidinti
klaidiname, klaidinti
klaidinate, klaidinti
klaidink, klaidinti
klaidinkite, klaidinti
klaidinkime, klaidinti
klaidinau, klaidinti
klaidinai, klaidinti
klaidino, klaidinti
klaidinome, klaidinti
klaidinote, klaidinti
klaidindavau, klaidinti
klaidindavai, klaidinti
klaidindavo, klaidinti
klaidindavome, klaidinti
klaidindavote, klaidinti
klaidinsiu, klaidinti
klaidinsi, klaidinti
klaidins, klaidinti
klaidinsime, klaidinti
klaidinsite, klaidinti
klaidinčiau, klaidinti
klaidintum(ei), klaidinti
klaidintų, klaidinti
klaidintu(mė)me, klaidinti
klaidintu(mė)te, klaidinti
klaidžioti, klaidžioti
klaidžioju, klaidžioti
klaidžioji, klaidžioti
klaidžioja, klaidžioti
klaidžiojame, klaidžioti
klaidžiojate, klaidžioti
klaidžiok, klaidžioti
klaidžiokite, klaidžioti
klaidžiokime, klaidžioti
klaidžiojau, klaidžioti
klaidžiojai, klaidžioti
klaidžiojo, klaidžioti
klaidžiojome, klaidžioti
klaidžiojote, klaidžioti
klaidžiodavau, klaidžioti
klaidžiodavai, klaidžioti
klaidžiodavo, klaidžioti
klaidžiodavome, klaidžioti
klaidžiodavote, klaidžioti
klaidžiosiu, klaidžioti
klaidžiosi, klaidžioti
klaidžios, klaidžioti
klaidžiosime, klaidžioti
klaidžiosite, klaidžioti
klaidžiočiau, klaidžioti
klaidžiotum(ei), klaidžioti
klaidžiotų, klaidžioti
klaidžiotu(mė)me, klaidžioti
klaidžiotu(mė)te, klaidžioti
klajoti, klajoti
klajoju, klajoti
klajoji, klajoti
klajoja, klajoti
klajojame, klajoti
klajojate, klajoti
klajok, klajoti
klajokite, klajoti
klajokime, klajoti
klajojau, klajoti
klajojai, klajoti
klajojo, klajoti
klajojome, klajoti
klajojote, klajoti
klajodavau, klajoti
klajodavai, klajoti
klajodavo, klajoti
klajodavome, klajoti
klajodavote, klajoti
klajosiu, klajoti
klajosi, klajoti
klajos, klajoti
klajosime, klajoti
klajosite, klajoti
klajočiau, klajoti
klajotum(ei), klajoti
klajotų, klajoti
klajotu(mė)me, klajoti
klajotu(mė)te, klajoti
klastoti, klastoti
klastoju, klastoti
klastoji, klastoti
klastoja, klastoti
klastojame, klastoti
klastojate, klastoti
klastok, klastoti
klastokite, klastoti
klastokime, klastoti
klastojau, klastoti
klastojai, klastoti
klastojo, klastoti
klastojome, klastoti
klastojote, klastoti
klastodavau, klastoti
klastodavai, klastoti
klastodavo, klastoti
klastodavome, klastoti
klastodavote, klastoti
klastosiu, klastoti
klastosi, klastoti
klastos, klastoti
klastosime, klastoti
klastosite, klastoti
klastočiau, klastoti
klastotum(ei), klastoti
klastotų, klastoti
klastotu(mė)me, klastoti
klastotu(mė)te, klastoti
klaupti, klaupti
klaupiu, klaupti
klaupi, klaupti
klaupia, klaupti
klaupiame, klaupti
klaupiate, klaupti
klaupk, klaupti
klaupkite, klaupti
klaupkime, klaupti
klaupiau, klaupti
klaupei, klaupti
klaupė, klaupti
klaupėme, klaupti
klaupėte, klaupti
klaupdavau, klaupti
klaupdavai, klaupti
klaupdavo, klaupti
klaupdavome, klaupti
klaupdavote, klaupti
klaupsiu, klaupti
klaupsi, klaupti
klaups, klaupti
klaupsime, klaupti
klaupsite, klaupti
klaupčiau, klaupti
klauptum(ei), klaupti
klauptų, klaupti
klauptu(mė)me, klaupti
klauptu(mė)te, klaupti
klausinėti, klausinėti
klausinėju, klausinėti
klausinėji, klausinėti
klausinėja, klausinėti
klausinėjame, klausinėti
klausinėjate, klausinėti
klausinėk, klausinėti
klausinėkite, klausinėti
klausinėkime, klausinėti
klausinėjau, klausinėti
klausinėjai, klausinėti
klausinėjo, klausinėti
klausinėjome, klausinėti
klausinėjote, klausinėti
klausinėdavau, klausinėti
klausinėdavai, klausinėti
klausinėdavo, klausinėti
klausinėdavome, klausinėti
klausinėdavote, klausinėti
klausinėsiu, klausinėti
klausinėsi, klausinėti
klausinės, klausinėti
klausinėsime, klausinėti
klausinėsite, klausinėti
klausinėčiau, klausinėti
klausinėtum(ei), klausinėti
klausinėtų, klausinėti
klausinėtu(mė)me, klausinėti
klausinėtu(mė)te, klausinėti
klausti, klausti
klausiu, klausti
klausi, klausti
klausia, klausti
klausiame, klausti
klausiate, klausti
klausk, klausti
klauskite, klausti
klauskime, klausti
klausiau, klausti
klausei, klausti
klausė, klausti
klausėme, klausti
klausėte, klausti
klausdavau, klausti
klausdavai, klausti
klausdavo, klausti
klausdavome, klausti
klausdavote, klausti
klausiu, klausti
klausi, klausti
klaus, klausti
klausime, klausti
klausite, klausti
klausčiau, klausti
klaustum(ei), klausti
klaustų, klausti
klaustu(mė)me, klausti
klaustu(mė)te, klausti
klausyti, klausyti
klausau, klausyti
klausai, klausyti
klauso, klausyti
klausome, klausyti
klausote, klausyti
klausyk, klausyti
klausykite, klausyti
klausykime, klausyti
klausiau, klausyti
klausei, klausyti
klausė, klausyti
klausėme, klausyti
klausėte, klausyti
klausydavau, klausyti
klausydavai, klausyti
klausydavo, klausyti
klausydavome, klausyti
klausydavote, klausyti
klausysiu, klausyti
klausysi, klausyti
klausys, klausyti
klausysime, klausyti
klausysite, klausyti
klausyčiau, klausyti
klausytum(ei), klausyti
klausytų, klausyti
klausytu(mė)me, klausyti
klausytu(mė)te, klausyti
klerti, klerti
klęru, klerti
klęri, klerti
klęra, klerti
klęrame, klerti
klęrate, klerti
klerk, klerti
klerkite, klerti
klerkime, klerti
klerau, klerti
klerai, klerti
klero, klerti
klerome, klerti
klerote, klerti
klerdavau, klerti
klerdavai, klerti
klerdavo, klerti
klerdavome, klerti
klerdavote, klerti
klersiu, klerti
klersi, klerti
klers, klerti
klersime, klerti
klersite, klerti
klerčiau, klerti
klertum(ei), klerti
klertų, klerti
klertu(mė)me, klerti
klertu(mė)te, klerti
klestėti, klestėti
klestiu, klestėti
klesti, klestėti
klesti, klestėti
klestime, klestėti
klestite, klestėti
klestėk, klestėti
klestėkite, klestėti
klestėkime, klestėti
klestėjau, klestėti
klestėjai, klestėti
klestėjo, klestėti
klestėjome, klestėti
klestėjote, klestėti
klestėdavau, klestėti
klestėdavai, klestėti
klestėdavo, klestėti
klestėdavome, klestėti
klestėdavote, klestėti
klestėsiu, klestėti
klestėsi, klestėti
klestės, klestėti
klestėsime, klestėti
klestėsite, klestėti
klestėčiau, klestėti
klestėtum(ei), klestėti
klestėtų, klestėti
klestėtu(mė)me, klestėti
klestėtu(mė)te, klestėti
klibinti, klibinti
klibinu, klibinti
klibini, klibinti
klibina, klibinti
klibiname, klibinti
klibinate, klibinti
klibink, klibinti
klibinkite, klibinti
klibinkime, klibinti
klibinau, klibinti
klibinai, klibinti
klibino, klibinti
klibinome, klibinti
klibinote, klibinti
klibindavau, klibinti
klibindavai, klibinti
klibindavo, klibinti
klibindavome, klibinti
klibindavote, klibinti
klibinsiu, klibinti
klibinsi, klibinti
klibins, klibinti
klibinsime, klibinti
klibinsite, klibinti
klibinčiau, klibinti
klibintum(ei), klibinti
klibintų, klibinti
klibintu(mė)me, klibinti
klibintu(mė)te, klibinti
kliedėti, kliedėti
kliedžiu, kliedėti
kliedi, kliedėti
kliedi, kliedėti
kliedime, kliedėti
kliedite, kliedėti
kliedėk, kliedėti
kliedėkite, kliedėti
kliedėkime, kliedėti
kliedėjau, kliedėti
kliedėjai, kliedėti
kliedėjo, kliedėti
kliedėjome, kliedėti
kliedėjote, kliedėti
kliedėdavau, kliedėti
kliedėdavai, kliedėti
kliedėdavo, kliedėti
kliedėdavome, kliedėti
kliedėdavote, kliedėti
kliedėsiu, kliedėti
kliedėsi, kliedėti
kliedės, kliedėti
kliedėsime, kliedėti
kliedėsite, kliedėti
kliedėčiau, kliedėti
kliedėtum(ei), kliedėti
kliedėtų, kliedėti
kliedėtu(mė)me, kliedėti
kliedėtu(mė)te, kliedėti
klijuoti, klijuoti
klijuoju, klijuoti
klijuoji, klijuoti
klijuoja, klijuoti
klijuojame, klijuoti
klijuojate, klijuoti
klijuok, klijuoti
klijuokite, klijuoti
klijuokime, klijuoti
klijavau, klijuoti
klijavai, klijuoti
klijavo, klijuoti
klijavome, klijuoti
klijavote, klijuoti
klijuodavau, klijuoti
klijuodavai, klijuoti
klijuodavo, klijuoti
klijuodavome, klijuoti
klijuodavote, klijuoti
klijuosiu, klijuoti
klijuosi, klijuoti
klijuos, klijuoti
klijuosime, klijuoti
klijuosite, klijuoti
klijuočiau, klijuoti
klijuotum(ei), klijuoti
klijuotų, klijuoti
klijuotu(mė)me, klijuoti
klijuotu(mė)te, klijuoti
klimpti, klimpti
klimpstu, klimpti
klimpsti, klimpti
klimpsta, klimpti
klimpstame, klimpti
klimpstate, klimpti
klimpk, klimpti
klimpkite, klimpti
klimpkime, klimpti
klimpau, klimpti
klimpai, klimpti
klimpo, klimpti
klimpome, klimpti
klimpote, klimpti
klimpdavau, klimpti
klimpdavai, klimpti
klimpdavo, klimpti
klimpdavome, klimpti
klimpdavote, klimpti
klimpsiu, klimpti
klimpsi, klimpti
klimps, klimpti
klimpsime, klimpti
klimpsite, klimpti
klimpčiau, klimpti
klimptum(ei), klimpti
klimptų, klimpti
klimptu(mė)me, klimpti
klimptu(mė)te, klimpti
kliudyti, kliudyti
kliudžau, kliudyti
kliudai, kliudyti
kliudo, kliudyti
kliudome, kliudyti
kliudote, kliudyti
kliudyk, kliudyti
kliudykite, kliudyti
kliudykime, kliudyti
kliudei, kliudyti
kliudė, kliudyti
kliudėme, kliudyti
kliudėte, kliudyti
kliudydavau, kliudyti
kliudydavai, kliudyti
kliudydavo, kliudyti
kliudydavome, kliudyti
kliudydavote, kliudyti
kliudysiu, kliudyti
kliudysi, kliudyti
kliudys, kliudyti
kliudysime, kliudyti
kliudysite, kliudyti
kliudyčiau, kliudyti
kliudytum(ei), kliudyti
kliudytų, kliudyti
kliudytu(mė)me, kliudyti
kliudytu(mė)te, kliudyti
kliustelėti, kliustelėti
kliustelėju, kliustelėti
kliustelėji, kliustelėti
kliustelėja, kliustelėti
kliustelėjame, kliustelėti
kliustelėjate, kliustelėti
kliustelėk, kliustelėti
kliustelėkite, kliustelėti
kliustelėkime, kliustelėti
kliustelėjau, kliustelėti
kliustelėjai, kliustelėti
kliustelėjo, kliustelėti
kliustelėjome, kliustelėti
kliustelėjote, kliustelėti
kliustelėdavau, kliustelėti
kliustelėdavai, kliustelėti
kliustelėdavo, kliustelėti
kliustelėdavome, kliustelėti
kliustelėdavote, kliustelėti
kliustelėsiu, kliustelėti
kliustelėsi, kliustelėti
kliustelės, kliustelėti
kliustelėsime, kliustelėti
kliustelėsite, kliustelėti
kliustelėčiau, kliustelėti
kliustelėtum(ei), kliustelėti
kliustelėtų, kliustelėti
kliustelėtu(mė)me, kliustelėti
kliustelėtu(mė)te, kliustelėti
kliūti, kliūti
kliūvu, kliūti
kliūvi, kliūti
kliūva, kliūti
kliūvame, kliūti
kliūvate, kliūti
kliūk, kliūti
kliūkite, kliūti
kliūkime, kliūti
kliuvau, kliūti
kliuvai, kliūti
kliuvo, kliūti
kliuvome, kliūti
kliuvote, kliūti
kliūdavau, kliūti
kliūdavai, kliūti
kliūdavo, kliūti
kliūdavome, kliūti
kliūdavote, kliūti
kliūsiu, kliūti
kliūsi, kliūti
klius, kliūti
kliūsime, kliūti
kliūsite, kliūti
kliūčiau, kliūti
kliūtum(ei), kliūti
kliūtų, kliūti
kliūtu(mė)me, kliūti
kliūtu(mė)te, kliūti
kloti, kloti
kloju, kloti
kloji, kloti
kloja, kloti
klojame, kloti
klojate, kloti
klok, kloti
klokite, kloti
klokime, kloti
klojau, kloti
klojai, kloti
klojo, kloti
klojome, kloti
klojote, kloti
klodavau, kloti
klodavai, kloti
klodavo, kloti
klodavome, kloti
klodavote, kloti
klosiu, kloti
klosi, kloti
klos, kloti
klosime, kloti
klosite, kloti
kločiau, kloti
klotum(ei), kloti
klotų, kloti
klotu(mė)me, kloti
klotu(mė)te, kloti
klūpėti, klūpėti
klūpiu, klūpėti
klūpi, klūpėti
klūpi, klūpėti
klūpime, klūpėti
klūpite, klūpėti
klūpėk, klūpėti
klūpėkite, klūpėti
klūpėkime, klūpėti
klūpėjau, klūpėti
klūpėjai, klūpėti
klūpėjo, klūpėti
klūpėjome, klūpėti
klūpėjote, klūpėti
klūpėdavau, klūpėti
klūpėdavai, klūpėti
klūpėdavo, klūpėti
klūpėdavome, klūpėti
klūpėdavote, klūpėti
klūpėsiu, klūpėti
klūpėsi, klūpėti
klūpės, klūpėti
klūpėsime, klūpėti
klūpėsite, klūpėti
klūpėčiau, klūpėti
klūpėtum(ei), klūpėti
klūpėtų, klūpėti
klūpėtu(mė)me, klūpėti
klūpėtu(mė)te, klūpėti
klūpoti, klūpoti
klūpau, klūpoti
klūpai, klūpoti
klūpo, klūpoti
klūpome, klūpoti
klūpote, klūpoti
klūpok, klūpoti
klūpokite, klūpoti
klūpokime, klūpoti
klūpojau, klūpoti
klūpojai, klūpoti
klūpojo, klūpoti
klūpojome, klūpoti
klūpojote, klūpoti
klūpodavau, klūpoti
klūpodavai, klūpoti
klūpodavo, klūpoti
klūpodavome, klūpoti
klūpodavote, klūpoti
klūposiu, klūpoti
klūposi, klūpoti
klūpos, klūpoti
klūposime, klūpoti
klūposite, klūpoti
klūpočiau, klūpoti
klūpotum(ei), klūpoti
klūpotų, klūpoti
klūpotu(mė)me, klūpoti
klūpotu(mė)te, klūpoti
klykti, klykti
klykiu, klykti
klyki, klykti
klykia, klykti
klykiame, klykti
klykiate, klykti
klyk, klykti
klykite, klykti
klykime, klykti
klykiau, klykti
klykei, klykti
klykė, klykti
klykėme, klykti
klykėte, klykti
klykdavau, klykti
klykdavai, klykti
klykdavo, klykti
klykdavome, klykti
klykdavote, klykti
klyksiu, klykti
klyksi, klykti
klyks, klykti
klyksime, klykti
klyksite, klykti
klykčiau, klykti
klyktum(ei), klykti
klyktų, klykti
klyktu(mė)me, klykti
klyktu(mė)te, klykti
klysti, klysti
klystu, klysti
klysti, klysti
klysta, klysti
klystame, klysti
klystate, klysti
klysk, klysti
klyskite, klysti
klyskime, klysti
klydau, klysti
klydai, klysti
klydo, klysti
klydome, klysti
klydote, klysti
klysdavau, klysti
klysdavai, klysti
klysdavo, klysti
klysdavome, klysti
klysdavote, klysti
klysiu, klysti
klysi, klysti
klys, klysti
klysime, klysti
klysite, klysti
klysčiau, klysti
klystum(ei), klysti
klystų, klysti
klystu(mė)me, klysti
klystu(mė)te, klysti
knarkti, knarkti
knarkiu, knarkti
knarki, knarkti
knarkia, knarkti
knarkiame, knarkti
knarkiate, knarkti
knark, knarkti
knarkite, knarkti
knarkime, knarkti
knarkiau, knarkti
knarkei, knarkti
knarkė, knarkti
knarkėme, knarkti
knarkėte, knarkti
knarkdavau, knarkti
knarkdavai, knarkti
knarkdavo, knarkti
knarkdavome, knarkti
knarkdavote, knarkti
knarksiu, knarkti
knarksi, knarkti
knarks, knarkti
knarksime, knarkti
knarksite, knarkti
knarkčiau, knarkti
knarktum(ei), knarkti
knarktų, knarkti
knarktu(mė)me, knarkti
knarktu(mė)te, knarkti
knežinti, knežinti
knežinu, knežinti
knežini, knežinti
knežina, knežinti
knežiname, knežinti
knežinate, knežinti
knežink, knežinti
knežinkite, knežinti
knežinkime, knežinti
knežinau, knežinti
knežinai, knežinti
knežino, knežinti
knežinome, knežinti
knežinote, knežinti
knežindavau, knežinti
knežindavai, knežinti
knežindavo, knežinti
knežindavome, knežinti
knežindavote, knežinti
knežinsiu, knežinti
knežinsi, knežinti
knežins, knežinti
knežinsime, knežinti
knežinsite, knežinti
knežinčiau, knežinti
knežintum(ei), knežinti
knežintų, knežinti
knežintu(mė)me, knežinti
knežintu(mė)te, knežinti
knežti, knežti
knęžu, knežti
knęži, knežti
knęža, knežti
knęžame, knežti
knęžate, knežti
knežk, knežti
knežkite, knežti
knežkime, knežti
knežau, knežti
knežai, knežti
knežo, knežti
knežome, knežti
knežote, knežti
kneždavau, knežti
kneždavai, knežti
kneždavo, knežti
kneždavome, knežti
kneždavote, knežti
knežšiu, knežti
knežši, knežti
knežš, knežti
knežšime, knežti
knežšite, knežti
knežčiau, knežti
knežtum(ei), knežti
knežtų, knežti
knežtu(mė)me, knežti
knežtu(mė)te, knežti
kniaukti, kniaukti
kniaukiu, kniaukti
kniauki, kniaukti
kniaukia, kniaukti
kniaukiame, kniaukti
kniaukiate, kniaukti
kniauk, kniaukti
kniaukite, kniaukti
kniaukime, kniaukti
kniaukiau, kniaukti
kniaukei, kniaukti
kniaukė, kniaukti
kniaukėme, kniaukti
kniaukėte, kniaukti
kniaukdavau, kniaukti
kniaukdavai, kniaukti
kniaukdavo, kniaukti
kniaukdavome, kniaukti
kniaukdavote, kniaukti
kniauksiu, kniaukti
kniauksi, kniaukti
kniauks, kniaukti
kniauksime, kniaukti
kniauksite, kniaukti
kniaukčiau, kniaukti
kniauktum(ei), kniaukti
kniauktų, kniaukti
kniauktu(mė)me, kniaukti
kniauktu(mė)te, kniaukti
knibždėti, knibždėti
knibždžu, knibždėti
knibždi, knibždėti
knibžda, knibždėti
knibždame, knibždėti
knibždate, knibždėti
knibždėk, knibždėti
knibždėkite, knibždėti
knibždėkime, knibždėti
knibždėjau, knibždėti
knibždėjai, knibždėti
knibždėjo, knibždėti
knibždėjome, knibždėti
knibždėjote, knibždėti
knibždėdavau, knibždėti
knibždėdavai, knibždėti
knibždėdavo, knibždėti
knibždėdavome, knibždėti
knibždėdavote, knibždėti
knibždėsiu, knibždėti
knibždėsi, knibždėti
knibždės, knibždėti
knibždėsime, knibždėti
knibždėsite, knibždėti
knibždėčiau, knibždėti
knibždėtum(ei), knibždėti
knibždėtų, knibždėti
knibždėtu(mė)me, knibždėti
knibždėtu(mė)te, knibždėti
knisti, knisti
knisu, knisti
knisi, knisti
knisa, knisti
knisame, knisti
knisate, knisti
knisk, knisti
kniskite, knisti
kniskime, knisti
knisau, knisti
knisai, knisti
kniso, knisti
knisome, knisti
knisote, knisti
knisdavau, knisti
knisdavai, knisti
knisdavo, knisti
knisdavome, knisti
knisdavote, knisti
knisiu, knisti
knisi, knisti
knis, knisti
knisime, knisti
knisite, knisti
knisčiau, knisti
knistum(ei), knisti
knistų, knisti
knistu(mė)me, knisti
knistu(mė)te, knisti
kniūbčioti, kniūbčioti
kniūbčioju, kniūbčioti
kniūbčioji, kniūbčioti
kniūbčioja, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiojame, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiojate, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiok, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiokite, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiokime, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiojau, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiojai, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiojo, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiojome, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiojote, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiodavau, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiodavai, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiodavo, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiodavome, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiodavote, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiosiu, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiosi, kniūbčioti
kniūbčios, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiosime, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiosite, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiočiau, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiotum(ei), kniūbčioti
kniūbčiotų, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiotu(mė)me, kniūbčioti
kniūbčiotu(mė)te, kniūbčioti
koduoti, koduoti
koduoju, koduoti
koduoji, koduoti
koduoja, koduoti
koduojame, koduoti
koduojate, koduoti
koduok, koduoti
koduokite, koduoti
koduokime, koduoti
kodavau, koduoti
kodavai, koduoti
kodavo, koduoti
kodavome, koduoti
kodavote, koduoti
koduodavau, koduoti
koduodavai, koduoti
koduodavo, koduoti
koduodavome, koduoti
koduodavote, koduoti
koduosiu, koduoti
koduosi, koduoti
koduos, koduoti
koduosime, koduoti
koduosite, koduoti
koduočiau, koduoti
koduotum(ei), koduoti
koduotų, koduoti
koduotu(mė)me, koduoti
koduotu(mė)te, koduoti
kolaboruoti, kolaboruoti
kolaboruoju, kolaboruoti
kolaboruoji, kolaboruoti
kolaboruoja, kolaboruoti
kolaboruojame, kolaboruoti
kolaboruojate, kolaboruoti
kolaboruok, kolaboruoti
kolaboruokite, kolaboruoti
kolaboruokime, kolaboruoti
kolaboravau, kolaboruoti
kolaboravai, kolaboruoti
kolaboravo, kolaboruoti
kolaboravome, kolaboruoti
kolaboravote, kolaboruoti
kolaboruodavau, kolaboruoti
kolaboruodavai, kolaboruoti
kolaboruodavo, kolaboruoti
kolaboruodavome, kolaboruoti
kolaboruodavote, kolaboruoti
kolaboruosiu, kolaboruoti
kolaboruosi, kolaboruoti
kolaboruos, kolaboruoti
kolaboruosime, kolaboruoti
kolaboruosite, kolaboruoti
kolaboruočiau, kolaboruoti
kolaboruotum(ei), kolaboruoti
kolaboruotų, kolaboruoti
kolaboruotu(mė)me, kolaboruoti
kolaboruotu(mė)te, kolaboruoti
kolekcionuoti, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuoju, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuoji, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuoja, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuojame, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuojate, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuok, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuokite, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuokime, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionavau, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionavai, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionavo, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionavome, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionavote, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuodavau, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuodavai, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuodavo, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuodavome, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuodavote, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuosiu, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuosi, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuos, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuosime, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuosite, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuočiau, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuotum(ei), kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuotų, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuotu(mė)me, kolekcionuoti
kolekcionuotu(mė)te, kolekcionuoti
kolonizuoti, kolonizuoti
konolizuoju, kolonizuoti
konolizuoji, kolonizuoti
konolizuoja, kolonizuoti
konolizuojame, kolonizuoti
konolizuojate, kolonizuoti
kolonizuok, kolonizuoti
kolonizuokite, kolonizuoti
kolonizuokime, kolonizuoti
kolonizavau, kolonizuoti
kolonizavai, kolonizuoti
kolonizavo, kolonizuoti
kolonizavome, kolonizuoti
kolonizavote, kolonizuoti
kolonizuodavau, kolonizuoti
kolonizuodavai, kolonizuoti
kolonizuodavo, kolonizuoti
kolonizuodavome, kolonizuoti
kolonizuodavote, kolonizuoti
kolonizuosiu, kolonizuoti
kolonizuosi, kolonizuoti
kolonizuos, kolonizuoti
kolonizuosime, kolonizuoti
kolonizuosite, kolonizuoti
kolonizuočiau, kolonizuoti
kolonizuotum(ei), kolonizuoti
kolonizuotų, kolonizuoti
kolonizuotu(mė)me, kolonizuoti
kolonizuotu(mė)te, kolonizuoti
kombinuoti, kombinuoti
kombinuoju, kombinuoti
kombinuoji, kombinuoti
kombinuoja, kombinuoti
kombinuojame, kombinuoti
kombinuojate, kombinuoti
kombinuok, kombinuoti
kombinuokite, kombinuoti
kombinuokime, kombinuoti
kombinavau, kombinuoti
kombinavai, kombinuoti
kombinavo, kombinuoti
kombinavome, kombinuoti
kombinavote, kombinuoti
kombinuodavau, kombinuoti
kombinuodavai, kombinuoti
kombinuodavo, kombinuoti
kombinuodavome, kombinuoti
kombinuodavote, kombinuoti
kombinuosiu, kombinuoti
kombinuosi, kombinuoti
kombinuos, kombinuoti
kombinuosime, kombinuoti
kombinuosite, kombinuoti
kombinuočiau, kombinuoti
kombinuotum(ei), kombinuoti
kombinuotų, kombinuoti
kombinuotu(mė)me, kombinuoti
kombinuotu(mė)te, kombinuoti
komentuoti, komentuoti
komentuoju, komentuoti
komentuoji, komentuoti
komentuoja, komentuoti
komentuojame, komentuoti
komentuojate, komentuoti
komentuok, komentuoti
komentuokite, komentuoti
komentuokime, komentuoti
komentavau, komentuoti
komentavai, komentuoti
komentavo, komentuoti
komentavome, komentuoti
komentavote, komentuoti
komentuodavau, komentuoti
komentuodavai, komentuoti
komentuodavo, komentuoti
komentuodavome, komentuoti
komentuodavote, komentuoti
komentuosiu, komentuoti
komentuosi, komentuoti
komentuos, komentuoti
komentuosime, komentuoti
komentuosite, komentuoti
komentuočiau, komentuoti
komentuotum(ei), komentuoti
komentuotų, komentuoti
komentuotu(mė)me, komentuoti
komentuotu(mė)te, komentuoti
kompensuoti, kompensuoti
kompensuoju, kompensuoti
kompensuoji, kompensuoti
kompensuoja, kompensuoti
kompensuojame, kompensuoti
kompensuojate, kompensuoti
kompensuok, kompensuoti
kompensuokite, kompensuoti
kompensuokime, kompensuoti
kompensavau, kompensuoti
kompensavai, kompensuoti
kompensavo, kompensuoti
kompensavome, kompensuoti
kompensavote, kompensuoti
kompensuodavau, kompensuoti
kompensuodavai, kompensuoti
kompensuodavo, kompensuoti
kompensuodavome, kompensuoti
kompensuodavote, kompensuoti
kompensuosiu, kompensuoti
kompensuosi, kompensuoti
kompensuos, kompensuoti
kompensuosime, kompensuoti
kompensuosite, kompensuoti
kompensuočiau, kompensuoti
kompensuotum(ei), kompensuoti
kompensuotų, kompensuoti
kompensuotu(mė)me, kompensuoti
kompensuotu(mė)te, kompensuoti
kompiuterizuoti, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuoju, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuoji, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuoja, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuojame, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuojate, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuok, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuokite, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuokime, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizavau, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizavai, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizavo, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizavome, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizavote, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuodavau, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuodavai, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuodavo, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuodavome, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuodavote, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuosiu, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuosi, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuos, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuosime, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuosite, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuočiau, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuotum(ei), kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuotų, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuotu(mė)me, kompiuterizuoti
kompiuterizuotu(mė)te, kompiuterizuoti
komponuoti, komponuoti
komponuoju, komponuoti
komponuoji, komponuoti
komponuoja, komponuoti
komponuojame, komponuoti
komponuojate, komponuoti
komponuok, komponuoti
komponuokite, komponuoti
komponuokime, komponuoti
komponavau, komponuoti
komponavai, komponuoti
komponavo, komponuoti
komponavome, komponuoti
komponavote, komponuoti
komponuodavau, komponuoti
komponuodavai, komponuoti
komponuodavo, komponuoti
komponuodavome, komponuoti
komponuodavote, komponuoti
komponuosiu, komponuoti
komponuosi, komponuoti
komponuos, komponuoti
komponuosime, komponuoti
komponuosite, komponuoti
komponuočiau, komponuoti
komponuotum(ei), komponuoti
komponuotų, komponuoti
komponuotu(mė)me, komponuoti
komponuotu(mė)te, komponuoti
komunikuoti, komunikuoti
komunikuoju, komunikuoti
komunikuoji, komunikuoti
komunikuoja, komunikuoti
komunikuojame, komunikuoti
komunikuojate, komunikuoti
komunikuok, komunikuoti
komunikuokite, komunikuoti
komunikuokime, komunikuoti
komunikavau, komunikuoti
komunikavai, komunikuoti
komunikavo, komunikuoti
komunikavome, komunikuoti
komunikavote, komunikuoti
komunikuodavau, komunikuoti
komunikuodavai, komunikuoti
komunikuodavo, komunikuoti
komunikuodavome, komunikuoti
komunikuodavote, komunikuoti
komunikuosiu, komunikuoti
komunikuosi, komunikuoti
komunikuos, komunikuoti
komunikuosime, komunikuoti
komunikuosite, komunikuoti
komunikuočiau, komunikuoti
komunikuotum(ei), komunikuoti
komunikuotų, komunikuoti
komunikuotu(mė)me, komunikuoti
komunikuotu(mė)te, komunikuoti
koncentruoti, koncentruoti
koncentruoju, koncentruoti
koncentruoji, koncentruoti
koncentruoja, koncentruoti
koncentruojame, koncentruoti
koncentruojate, koncentruoti
koncentruok, koncentruoti
koncentruokite, koncentruoti
koncentruokime, koncentruoti
koncentravau, koncentruoti
koncentravai, koncentruoti
koncentravo, koncentruoti
koncentravome, koncentruoti
koncentravote, koncentruoti
koncentruodavau, koncentruoti
koncentruodavai, koncentruoti
koncentruodavo, koncentruoti
koncentruodavome, koncentruoti
koncentruodavote, koncentruoti
koncentruosiu, koncentruoti
koncentruosi, koncentruoti
koncentruos, koncentruoti
koncentruosime, koncentruoti
koncentruosite, koncentruoti
koncentruočiau, koncentruoti
koncentruotum(ei), koncentruoti
koncentruotų, koncentruoti
koncentruotu(mė)me, koncentruoti
koncentruotu(mė)te, koncentruoti
koncertuoti, koncertuoti
koncertuoju, koncertuoti
koncertuoji, koncertuoti
koncertuoja, koncertuoti
koncertuojame, koncertuoti
koncertuojate, koncertuoti
koncertuok, koncertuoti
koncertuokite, koncertuoti
koncertuokime, koncertuoti
koncertavau, koncertuoti
koncertavai, koncertuoti
koncertavo, koncertuoti
koncertavome, koncertuoti
koncertavote, koncertuoti
koncertuodavau, koncertuoti
koncertuodavai, koncertuoti
koncertuodavo, koncertuoti
koncertuodavome, koncertuoti
koncertuodavote, koncertuoti
koncertuosiu, koncertuoti
koncertuosi, koncertuoti
koncertuos, koncertuoti
koncertuosime, koncertuoti
koncertuosite, koncertuoti
koncertuočiau, koncertuoti
koncertuotum(ei), koncertuoti
koncertuotų, koncertuoti
koncertuotu(mė)me, koncertuoti
koncertuotu(mė)te, koncertuoti
konfiskuoti, konfiskuoti
konfiskuoju, konfiskuoti
konfiskuoji, konfiskuoti
konfiskuoja, konfiskuoti
konfiskuojame, konfiskuoti
konfiskuojate, konfiskuoti
konfiskuok, konfiskuoti
konfiskuokite, konfiskuoti
konfiskuokime, konfiskuoti
konfiskavau, konfiskuoti
konfiskavai, konfiskuoti
konfiskavo, konfiskuoti
konfiskavome, konfiskuoti
konfiskavote, konfiskuoti
konfiskuodavau, konfiskuoti
konfiskuodavai, konfiskuoti
konfiskuodavo, konfiskuoti
konfiskuodavome, konfiskuoti
konfiskuodavote, konfiskuoti
konfiskuosiu, konfiskuoti
konfiskuosi, konfiskuoti
konfiskuos, konfiskuoti
konfiskuosime, konfiskuoti
konfiskuosite, konfiskuoti
konfiskuočiau, konfiskuoti
konfiskuotum(ei), konfiskuoti
konfiskuotų, konfiskuoti
konfiskuotu(mė)me, konfiskuoti
konfiskuotu(mė)te, konfiskuoti
konkuruoti, konkuruoti
konkuruoju, konkuruoti
konkuruoji, konkuruoti
konkuruoja, konkuruoti
konkuruojame, konkuruoti
konkuruojate, konkuruoti
konkuruok, konkuruoti
konkuruokite, konkuruoti
konkuruokime, konkuruoti
konkuravau, konkuruoti
konkuravai, konkuruoti
konkuravo, konkuruoti
konkuravome, konkuruoti
konkuravote, konkuruoti
konkuruodavau, konkuruoti
konkuruodavai, konkuruoti
konkuruodavo, konkuruoti
konkuruodavome, konkuruoti
konkuruodavote, konkuruoti
konkuruosiu, konkuruoti
konkuruosi, konkuruoti
konkuruos, konkuruoti
konkuruosime, konkuruoti
konkuruosite, konkuruoti
konkuruočiau, konkuruoti
konkuruotum(ei), konkuruoti
konkuruotų, konkuruoti
konkuruotu(mė)me, konkuruoti
konkuruotu(mė)te, konkuruoti
konstruoti, konstruoti
konstruoju, konstruoti
konstruoji, konstruoti
konstruoja, konstruoti
konstruojame, konstruoti
konstruojate, konstruoti
konstruok, konstruoti
konstruokite, konstruoti
konstruokime, konstruoti
konstravau, konstruoti
konstravai, konstruoti
konstravo, konstruoti
konstravome, konstruoti
konstravote, konstruoti
konstruodavau, konstruoti
konstruodavai, konstruoti
konstruodavo, konstruoti
konstruodavome, konstruoti
konstruodavote, konstruoti
konstruosiu, konstruoti
konstruosi, konstruoti
konstruos, konstruoti
konstruosime, konstruoti
konstruosite, konstruoti
konstruočiau, konstruoti
konstruotum(ei), konstruoti
konstruotų, konstruoti
konstruotu(mė)me, konstruoti
konstruotu(mė)te, konstruoti
konsultuoti, konsultuoti
konsultuoju, konsultuoti
konsultuoji, konsultuoti
konsultuoja, konsultuoti
konsultuojame, konsultuoti
konsultuojate, konsultuoti
konsultuok, konsultuoti
konsultuokite, konsultuoti
konsultuokime, konsultuoti
konsultavau, konsultuoti
konsultavai, konsultuoti
konsultavo, konsultuoti
konsultavome, konsultuoti
konsultavote, konsultuoti
konsultuodavau, konsultuoti
konsultuodavai, konsultuoti
konsultuodavo, konsultuoti
konsultuodavome, konsultuoti
konsultuodavote, konsultuoti
konsultuosiu, konsultuoti
konsultuosi, konsultuoti
konsultuos, konsultuoti
konsultuosime, konsultuoti
konsultuosite, konsultuoti
konsultuočiau, konsultuoti
konsultuotum(ei), konsultuoti
konsultuotų, konsultuoti
konsultuotu(mė)me, konsultuoti
konsultuotu(mė)te, konsultuoti
kontempliuoti, kontempliuoti
kontempliuoju, kontempliuoti
kontempliuoji, kontempliuoti
kontempliuoja, kontempliuoti
kontempliuojame, kontempliuoti
kontempliuojate, kontempliuoti
kontempliuok, kontempliuoti
kontempliuokite, kontempliuoti
kontempliuokime, kontempliuoti
kontempliavau, kontempliuoti
kontempliavai, kontempliuoti
kontempliavo, kontempliuoti
kontempliavome, kontempliuoti
kontempliavote, kontempliuoti
kontempliuodavau, kontempliuoti
kontempliuodavai, kontempliuoti
kontempliuodavo, kontempliuoti
kontempliuodavome, kontempliuoti
kontempliuodavote, kontempliuoti
kontempliuosiu, kontempliuoti
kontempliuosi, kontempliuoti
kontempliuos, kontempliuoti
kontempliuosime, kontempliuoti
kontempliuosite, kontempliuoti
kontempliuočiau, kontempliuoti
kontempliuotum(ei), kontempliuoti
kontempliuotų, kontempliuoti
kontempliuotu(mė)me, kontempliuoti
kontempliuotu(mė)te, kontempliuoti
kontroliuoti, kontroliuoti
kontroliuoju, kontroliuoti
kontroliuoji, kontroliuoti
kontroliuoja, kontroliuoti
kontroliuojame, kontroliuoti
kontroliuojate, kontroliuoti
kontroliuok, kontroliuoti
kontroliuokite, kontroliuoti
kontroliuokime, kontroliuoti
kontroliavau, kontroliuoti
kontroliavai, kontroliuoti
kontroliavo, kontroliuoti
kontroliavome, kontroliuoti
kontroliavote, kontroliuoti
kontroliuodavau, kontroliuoti
kontroliuodavai, kontroliuoti
kontroliuodavo, kontroliuoti
kontroliuodavome, kontroliuoti
kontroliuodavote, kontroliuoti
kontroliuosiu, kontroliuoti
kontroliuosi, kontroliuoti
kontroliuos, kontroliuoti
kontroliuosime, kontroliuoti
kontroliuosite, kontroliuoti
kontroliuočiau, kontroliuoti
kontroliuotum(ei), kontroliuoti
kontroliuotų, kontroliuoti
kontroliuotu(mė)me, kontroliuoti
kontroliuotu(mė)te, kontroliuoti
konvertuoti, konvertuoti
konvertuoju, konvertuoti
konvertuoji, konvertuoti
konvertuoja, konvertuoti
konvertuojame, konvertuoti
konvertuojate, konvertuoti
konvertuok, konvertuoti
konvertuokite, konvertuoti
konvertuokime, konvertuoti
konvertavau, konvertuoti
konvertavai, konvertuoti
konvertavo, konvertuoti
konvertavome, konvertuoti
konvertavote, konvertuoti
konvertuodavau, konvertuoti
konvertuodavai, konvertuoti
konvertuodavo, konvertuoti
konvertuodavome, konvertuoti
konvertuodavote, konvertuoti
konvertuosiu, konvertuoti
konvertuosi, konvertuoti
konvertuos, konvertuoti
konvertuosime, konvertuoti
konvertuosite, konvertuoti
konvertuočiau, konvertuoti
konvertuotum(ei), konvertuoti
konvertuotų, konvertuoti
konvertuotu(mė)me, konvertuoti
konvertuotu(mė)te, konvertuoti
koordinuoti, koordinuoti
koordinuoju, koordinuoti
koordinuoji, koordinuoti
koordinuoja, koordinuoti
koordinuojame, koordinuoti
koordinuojate, koordinuoti
koordinuok, koordinuoti
koordinuokite, koordinuoti
koordinuokime, koordinuoti
koordinavau, koordinuoti
koordinavai, koordinuoti
koordinavo, koordinuoti
koordinavome, koordinuoti
koordinavote, koordinuoti
koordinuodavau, koordinuoti
koordinuodavai, koordinuoti
koordinuodavo, koordinuoti
koordinuodavome, koordinuoti
koordinuodavote, koordinuoti
koordinuosiu, koordinuoti
koordinuosi, koordinuoti
koordinuos, koordinuoti
koordinuosime, koordinuoti
koordinuosite, koordinuoti
koordinuočiau, koordinuoti
koordinuotum(ei), koordinuoti
koordinuotų, koordinuoti
koordinuotu(mė)me, koordinuoti
koordinuotu(mė)te, koordinuoti
kopijuoti, kopijuoti
kopijuoju, kopijuoti
kopijuoji, kopijuoti
kopijuoja, kopijuoti
kopijuojame, kopijuoti
kopijuojate, kopijuoti
kopijuok, kopijuoti
kopijuokite, kopijuoti
kopijuokime, kopijuoti
kopijavau, kopijuoti
kopijavai, kopijuoti
kopijavo, kopijuoti
kopijavome, kopijuoti
kopijavote, kopijuoti
kopijuodavau, kopijuoti
kopijuodavai, kopijuoti
kopijuodavo, kopijuoti
kopijuodavome, kopijuoti
kopijuodavote, kopijuoti
kopijuosiu, kopijuoti
kopijuosi, kopijuoti
kopijuos, kopijuoti
kopijuosime, kopijuoti
kopijuosite, kopijuoti
kopijuočiau, kopijuoti
kopijuotum(ei), kopijuoti
kopijuotų, kopijuoti
kopijuotu(mė)me, kopijuoti
kopijuotu(mė)te, kopijuoti
kopti, kopti
kopiu, kopti
kopi, kopti
kopia, kopti
kopiame, kopti
kopiate, kopti
kopk, kopti
kopkite, kopti
kopkime, kopti
kopiau, kopti
kopei, kopti
kopė, kopti
kopėme, kopti
kopėte, kopti
kopdavau, kopti
kopdavai, kopti
kopdavo, kopti
kopdavome, kopti
kopdavote, kopti
kopsiu, kopti
kopsi, kopti
kops, kopti
kopsime, kopti
kopsite, kopti
kopčiau, kopti
koptum(ei), kopti
koptų, kopti
koptu(mė)me, kopti
koptu(mė)te, kopti
koreguoti, koreguoti
koreguoju, koreguoti
koreguoji, koreguoti
koreguoja, koreguoti
koreguojame, koreguoti
koreguojate, koreguoti
koreguok, koreguoti
koreguokite, koreguoti
koreguokime, koreguoti
koregavau, koreguoti
koregavai, koreguoti
koregavo, koreguoti
koregavome, koreguoti
koregavote, koreguoti
koreguodavau, koreguoti
koreguodavai, koreguoti
koreguodavo, koreguoti
koreguodavome, koreguoti
koreguodavote, koreguoti
koreguosiu, koreguoti
koreguosi, koreguoti
koreguos, koreguoti
koreguosime, koreguoti
koreguosite, koreguoti
koreguočiau, koreguoti
koreguotum(ei), koreguoti
koreguotų, koreguoti
koreguotu(mė)me, koreguoti
koreguotu(mė)te, koreguoti
korumpuoti, korumpuoti
korumpuoju, korumpuoti
korumpuoji, korumpuoti
korumpuoja, korumpuoti
korumpuojame, korumpuoti
korumpuojate, korumpuoti
korumpuok, korumpuoti
korumpuokite, korumpuoti
korumpuokime, korumpuoti
korumpavau, korumpuoti
korumpavai, korumpuoti
korumpavo, korumpuoti
korumpavome, korumpuoti
korumpavote, korumpuoti
korumpuodavau, korumpuoti
korumpuodavai, korumpuoti
korumpuodavo, korumpuoti
korumpuodavome, korumpuoti
korumpuodavote, korumpuoti
korumpuosiu, korumpuoti
korumpuosi, korumpuoti
korumpuos, korumpuoti
korumpuosime, korumpuoti
korumpuosite, korumpuoti
korumpuočiau, korumpuoti
korumpuotum(ei), korumpuoti
korumpuotų, korumpuoti
korumpuotu(mė)me, korumpuoti
korumpuotu(mė)te, korumpuoti
kosėti, kosėti
kosėju, kosėti
kosėji, kosėti
kosėja, kosėti
kosėjame, kosėti
kosėjate, kosėti
kosėk, kosėti
kosėkite, kosėti
kosėkime, kosėti
kosėjau, kosėti
kosėjai, kosėti
kosėjo, kosėti
kosėjome, kosėti
kosėjote, kosėti
kosėdavau, kosėti
kosėdavai, kosėti
kosėdavo, kosėti
kosėdavome, kosėti
kosėdavote, kosėti
kosėsiu, kosėti
kosėsi, kosėti
kosės, kosėti
kosėsime, kosėti
kosėsite, kosėti
kosėčiau, kosėti
kosėtum(ei), kosėti
kosėtų, kosėti
kosėtu(mė)me, kosėti
kosėtu(mė)te, kosėti
košti, košti
košiu, košti
koši, košti
košia, košti
košiame, košti
košiate, košti
košk, košti
koškite, košti
koškime, košti
košiau, košti
košei, košti
košė, košti
košėme, košti
košėte, košti
košdavau, košti
košdavai, košti
košdavo, košti
košdavome, košti
košdavote, košti
koššiu, košti
košši, košti
košš, košti
koššime, košti
koššite, košti
koščiau, košti
koštum(ei), košti
koštų, košti
koštu(mė)me, košti
koštu(mė)te, košti
kovoti, kovoti
kovoju, kovoti
kovoji, kovoti
kovoja, kovoti
kovojame, kovoti
kovojate, kovoti
kovok, kovoti
kovokite, kovoti
kovokime, kovoti
kovojau, kovoti
kovojai, kovoti
kovojo, kovoti
kovojome, kovoti
kovojote, kovoti
kovodavau, kovoti
kovodavai, kovoti
kovodavo, kovoti
kovodavome, kovoti
kovodavote, kovoti
kovosiu, kovoti
kovosi, kovoti
kovos, kovoti
kovosime, kovoti
kovosite, kovoti
kovočiau, kovoti
kovotum(ei), kovoti
kovotų, kovoti
kovotu(mė)me, kovoti
kovotu(mė)te, kovoti
kraipyti, kraipyti
kraipau, kraipyti
kraipai, kraipyti
kraipo, kraipyti
kraipome, kraipyti
kraipote, kraipyti
kraipyk, kraipyti
kraipykite, kraipyti
kraipykime, kraipyti
kraipiau, kraipyti
kraipei, kraipyti
kraipė, kraipyti
kraipėme, kraipyti
kraipėte, kraipyti
kraipydavau, kraipyti
kraipydavai, kraipyti
kraipydavo, kraipyti
kraipydavome, kraipyti
kraipydavote, kraipyti
kraipysiu, kraipyti
kraipysi, kraipyti
kraipys, kraipyti
kraipysime, kraipyti
kraipysite, kraipyti
kraipyčiau, kraipyti
kraipytum(ei), kraipyti
kraipytų, kraipyti
kraipytu(mė)me, kraipyti
kraipytu(mė)te, kraipyti
kramsnoti, kramsnoti
kramsnoju, kramsnoti
kramsnoji, kramsnoti
kramsnoja, kramsnoti
kramsnojame, kramsnoti
kramsnojate, kramsnoti
kramsnok, kramsnoti
kramsnokite, kramsnoti
kramsnokime, kramsnoti
kramsnojau, kramsnoti
kramsnojai, kramsnoti
kramsnojo, kramsnoti
kramsnojome, kramsnoti
kramsnojote, kramsnoti
kramsnodavau, kramsnoti
kramsnodavai, kramsnoti
kramsnodavo, kramsnoti
kramsnodavome, kramsnoti
kramsnodavote, kramsnoti
kramsnosiu, kramsnoti
kramsnosi, kramsnoti
kramsnos, kramsnoti
kramsnosime, kramsnoti
kramsnosite, kramsnoti
kramsnočiau, kramsnoti
kramsnotum(ei), kramsnoti
kramsnotų, kramsnoti
kramsnotu(mė)me, kramsnoti
kramsnotu(mė)te, kramsnoti
kramtyti, kramtyti
kramtau, kramtyti
kramtai, kramtyti
kramto, kramtyti
kramtome, kramtyti
kramtote, kramtyti
kramtyk, kramtyti
kramtykite, kramtyti
kramtykime, kramtyti
kramtei, kramtyti
kramtė, kramtyti
kramtėme, kramtyti
kramtėte, kramtyti
kramtydavau, kramtyti
kramtydavai, kramtyti
kramtydavo, kramtyti
kramtydavome, kramtyti
kramtydavote, kramtyti
kramtysiu, kramtyti
kramtysi, kramtyti
kramtys, kramtyti
kramtysime, kramtyti
kramtysite, kramtyti
kramtyčiau, kramtyti
kramtytum(ei), kramtyti
kramtytų, kramtyti
kramtytu(mė)me, kramtyti
kramtytu(mė)te, kramtyti
kranksėti, kranksėti
kranksiu, kranksėti
kranksi, kranksėti
kranksi, kranksėti
kranksime, kranksėti
kranksite, kranksėti
kranksėk, kranksėti
kranksėkite, kranksėti
kranksėkime, kranksėti
kranksėjau, kranksėti
kranksėjai, kranksėti
kranksėjo, kranksėti
kranksėjome, kranksėti
kranksėjote, kranksėti
kranksėdavau, kranksėti
kranksėdavai, kranksėti
kranksėdavo, kranksėti
kranksėdavome, kranksėti
kranksėdavote, kranksėti
kranksėsiu, kranksėti
kranksėsi, kranksėti
kranksės, kranksėti
kranksėsime, kranksėti
kranksėsite, kranksėti
kranksėčiau, kranksėti
kranksėtum(ei), kranksėti
kranksėtų, kranksėti
kranksėtu(mė)me, kranksėti
kranksėtu(mė)te, kranksėti
krapštyti, krapštyti
krapštau, krapštyti
krapštai, krapštyti
krapšto, krapštyti
krapštome, krapštyti
krapštote, krapštyti
krapštyk, krapštyti
krapštykite, krapštyti
krapštykime, krapštyti
krapštei, krapštyti
krapštė, krapštyti
krapštėme, krapštyti
krapštėte, krapštyti
krapštydavau, krapštyti
krapštydavai, krapštyti
krapštydavo, krapštyti
krapštydavome, krapštyti
krapštydavote, krapštyti
krapštysiu, krapštyti
krapštysi, krapštyti
krapštys, krapštyti
krapštysime, krapštyti
krapštysite, krapštyti
krapštyčiau, krapštyti
krapštytum(ei), krapštyti
krapštytų, krapštyti
krapštytu(mė)me, krapštyti
krapštytu(mė)te, krapštyti
kratyti, kratyti
kratau, kratyti
kratai, kratyti
krato, kratyti
kratome, kratyti
kratote, kratyti
kratyk, kratyti
kratykite, kratyti
kratykime, kratyti
kratei, kratyti
kratė, kratyti
kratėme, kratyti
kratėte, kratyti
kratydavau, kratyti
kratydavai, kratyti
kratydavo, kratyti
kratydavome, kratyti
kratydavote, kratyti
kratysiu, kratyti
kratysi, kratyti
kratys, kratyti
kratysime, kratyti
kratysite, kratyti
kratyčiau, kratyti
kratytum(ei), kratyti
kratytų, kratyti
kratytu(mė)me, kratyti
kratytu(mė)te, kratyti
kraujuoti, kraujuoti
kraujuoju, kraujuoti
kraujuoji, kraujuoti
kraujuoja, kraujuoti
kraujuojame, kraujuoti
kraujuojate, kraujuoti
kraujuok, kraujuoti
kraujuokite, kraujuoti
kraujuokime, kraujuoti
kraujavau, kraujuoti
kraujavai, kraujuoti
kraujavo, kraujuoti
kraujavome, kraujuoti
kraujavote, kraujuoti
kraujuodavau, kraujuoti
kraujuodavai, kraujuoti
kraujuodavo, kraujuoti
kraujuodavome, kraujuoti
kraujuodavote, kraujuoti
kraujuosiu, kraujuoti
kraujuosi, kraujuoti
kraujuos, kraujuoti
kraujuosime, kraujuoti
kraujuosite, kraujuoti
kraujuočiau, kraujuoti
kraujuotum(ei), kraujuoti
kraujuotų, kraujuoti
kraujuotu(mė)me, kraujuoti
kraujuotu(mė)te, kraujuoti
kraustyti, kraustyti
kraustau, kraustyti
kraustai, kraustyti
krausto, kraustyti
kraustome, kraustyti
kraustote, kraustyti
kraustyk, kraustyti
kraustykite, kraustyti
kraustykime, kraustyti
kraustei, kraustyti
kraustė, kraustyti
kraustėme, kraustyti
kraustėte, kraustyti
kraustydavau, kraustyti
kraustydavai, kraustyti
kraustydavo, kraustyti
kraustydavome, kraustyti
kraustydavote, kraustyti
kraustysiu, kraustyti
kraustysi, kraustyti
kraustys, kraustyti
kraustysime, kraustyti
kraustysite, kraustyti
kraustyčiau, kraustyti
kraustytum(ei), kraustyti
kraustytų, kraustyti
kraustytu(mė)me, kraustyti
kraustytu(mė)te, kraustyti
krauti, krauti
kraunu, krauti
krauni, krauti
krauna, krauti
krauname, krauti
kraunate, krauti
krauk, krauti
kraukite, krauti
kraukime, krauti
kroviau, krauti
krovei, krauti
krovė, krauti
krovėme, krauti
krovėte, krauti
kraudavau, krauti
kraudavai, krauti
kraudavo, krauti
kraudavome, krauti
kraudavote, krauti
krausiu, krauti
krausi, krauti
kraus, krauti
krausime, krauti
krausite, krauti
kraučiau, krauti
krautum(ei), krauti
krautų, krauti
krautu(mė)me, krauti
krautu(mė)te, krauti
kreipti, kreipti
kreipiu, kreipti
kreipi, kreipti
kreipia, kreipti
kreipiame, kreipti
kreipiate, kreipti
kreipk, kreipti
kreipkite, kreipti
kreipkime, kreipti
kreipiau, kreipti
kreipei, kreipti
kreipė, kreipti
kreipėme, kreipti
kreipėte, kreipti
kreipdavau, kreipti
kreipdavai, kreipti
kreipdavo, kreipti
kreipdavome, kreipti
kreipdavote, kreipti
kreipsiu, kreipti
kreipsi, kreipti
kreips, kreipti
kreipsime, kreipti
kreipsite, kreipti
kreipčiau, kreipti
kreiptum(ei), kreipti
kreiptų, kreipti
kreiptu(mė)me, kreipti
kreiptu(mė)te, kreipti
krėsti, krėsti
kreipiasiu, krėsti
kreipiasi, krėsti
kreipiasi, krėsti
kreipiasime, krėsti
kreipiasite, krėsti
krėsk, krėsti
krėskite, krėsti
krėskime, krėsti
krėsdavau, krėsti
krėsdavai, krėsti
krėsdavo, krėsti
krėsdavome, krėsti
krėsdavote, krėsti
krėsiu, krėsti
krėsi, krėsti
krės, krėsti
krėsime, krėsti
krėsite, krėsti
krėsčiau, krėsti
krėstum(ei), krėsti
krėstų, krėsti
krėstu(mė)me, krėsti
krėstu(mė)te, krėsti
krešti, krešti
kręštu, krešti
kręšti, krešti
kręšta, krešti
kręštame, krešti
kręštate, krešti
krešk, krešti
kreškite, krešti
kreškime, krešti
krešau, krešti
krešai, krešti
krešo, krešti
krešome, krešti
krešote, krešti
krešdavau, krešti
krešdavai, krešti
krešdavo, krešti
krešdavome, krešti
krešdavote, krešti
kreššiu, krešti
krešši, krešti
krešš, krešti
kreššime, krešti
kreššite, krešti
kreščiau, krešti
kreštum(ei), krešti
kreštų, krešti
kreštu(mė)me, krešti
kreštu(mė)te, krešti
krieti, krieti
krieju, krieti
krieji, krieti
krieja, krieti
kriejame, krieti
kriejate, krieti
kriek, krieti
kriekite, krieti
kriekime, krieti
kriejau, krieti
kriejai, krieti
kriejo, krieti
kriejome, krieti
kriejote, krieti
kriedavau, krieti
kriedavai, krieti
kriedavo, krieti
kriedavome, krieti
kriedavote, krieti
kriesiu, krieti
kriesi, krieti
kries, krieti
kriesime, krieti
kriesite, krieti
kriečiau, krieti
krietum(ei), krieti
krietų, krieti
krietu(mė)me, krieti
krietu(mė)te, krieti
krikdyti, krikdyti
krikdžau, krikdyti
krikdai, krikdyti
krikdo, krikdyti
krikdome, krikdyti
krikdote, krikdyti
krikdyk, krikdyti
krikdykite, krikdyti
krikdykime, krikdyti
krikdei, krikdyti
krikdė, krikdyti
krikdėme, krikdyti
krikdėte, krikdyti
krikdydavau, krikdyti
krikdydavai, krikdyti
krikdydavo, krikdyti
krikdydavome, krikdyti
krikdydavote, krikdyti
krikdysiu, krikdyti
krikdysi, krikdyti
krikdys, krikdyti
krikdysime, krikdyti
krikdysite, krikdyti
krikdyčiau, krikdyti
krikdytum(ei), krikdyti
krikdytų, krikdyti
krikdytu(mė)me, krikdyti
krikdytu(mė)te, krikdyti
krikštyti, krikštyti
krikštiju, krikštyti
krikštiji, krikštyti
krikštija, krikštyti
krikštijame, krikštyti
krikštijate, krikštyti
krikštyk, krikštyti
krikštykite, krikštyti
krikštykime, krikštyti
krikštijau, krikštyti
krikštijai, krikštyti
krikštijo, krikštyti
krikštijome, krikštyti
krikštijote, krikštyti
krikštydavau, krikštyti
krikštydavai, krikštyti
krikštydavo, krikštyti
krikštydavome, krikštyti
krikštydavote, krikštyti
krikštysiu, krikštyti
krikštysi, krikštyti
krikštis, krikštyti
krikštysime, krikštyti
krikštysite, krikštyti
krikštyčiau, krikštyti
krikštytum(ei), krikštyti
krikštytų, krikštyti
krikštytu(mė)me, krikštyti
krikštytu(mė)te, krikštyti
krikti, krikti
krinku, krikti
krinki, krikti
krinka, krikti
krinkame, krikti
krinkate, krikti
krik, krikti
krikite, krikti
krikime, krikti
krikau, krikti
krikai, krikti
kriko, krikti
krikome, krikti
krikote, krikti
krikdavau, krikti
krikdavai, krikti
krikdavo, krikti
krikdavome, krikti
krikdavote, krikti
kriksiu, krikti
kriksi, krikti
kriks, krikti
kriksime, krikti
kriksite, krikti
krikčiau, krikti
kriktum(ei), krikti
kriktų, krikti
kriktu(mė)me, krikti
kriktu(mė)te, krikti
krimsti, krimsti
krimstu, krimsti
krimsti, krimsti
krimsta, krimsti
krimstame, krimsti
krimstate, krimsti
krimsk, krimsti
krimskite, krimsti
krimskime, krimsti
krimtau, krimsti
krimtai, krimsti
krimto, krimsti
krimtome, krimsti
krimtote, krimsti
krimsdavau, krimsti
krimsdavai, krimsti
krimsdavo, krimsti
krimsdavome, krimsti
krimsdavote, krimsti
krimsiu, krimsti
krimsi, krimsti
krims, krimsti
krimsime, krimsti
krimsite, krimsti
krimsčiau, krimsti
krimstum(ei), krimsti
krimstų, krimsti
krimstu(mė)me, krimsti
krimstu(mė)te, krimsti
kristi, kristi
krentu, kristi
krenti, kristi
krenta, kristi
krentame, kristi
krentate, kristi
krisk, kristi
kriskite, kristi
kriskime, kristi
kritau, kristi
kritai, kristi
krito, kristi
kritome, kristi
kritote, kristi
krisdavau, kristi
krisdavai, kristi
krisdavo, kristi
krisdavome, kristi
krisdavote, kristi
krisiu, kristi
krisi, kristi
kris, kristi
krisime, kristi
krisite, kristi
krisčiau, kristi
kristum(ei), kristi
kristų, kristi
kristu(mė)me, kristi
kristu(mė)te, kristi
kritikuoti, kritikuoti
kritikuoju, kritikuoti
kritikuoji, kritikuoti
kritikuoja, kritikuoti
kritikuojame, kritikuoti
kritikuojate, kritikuoti
kritikuok, kritikuoti
kritikuokite, kritikuoti
kritikuokime, kritikuoti
kritikavau, kritikuoti
kritikavai, kritikuoti
kritikavo, kritikuoti
kritikavome, kritikuoti
kritikavote, kritikuoti
kritikuodavau, kritikuoti
kritikuodavai, kritikuoti
kritikuodavo, kritikuoti
kritikuodavome, kritikuoti
kritikuodavote, kritikuoti
kritikuosiu, kritikuoti
kritikuosi, kritikuoti
kritikuos, kritikuoti
kritikuosime, kritikuoti
kritikuosite, kritikuoti
kritikuočiau, kritikuoti
kritikuotum(ei), kritikuoti
kritikuotų, kritikuoti
kritikuotu(mė)me, kritikuoti
kritikuotu(mė)te, kritikuoti
krūptelėti, krūptelėti
krūptelėju, krūptelėti
krūptelėji, krūptelėti
krūptelėja, krūptelėti
krūptelėjame, krūptelėti
krūptelėjate, krūptelėti
krūptelėk, krūptelėti
krūptelėkite, krūptelėti
krūptelėkime, krūptelėti
krūptelėjau, krūptelėti
krūptelėjai, krūptelėti
krūptelėjo, krūptelėti
krūptelėjome, krūptelėti
krūptelėjote, krūptelėti
krūptelėdavau, krūptelėti
krūptelėdavai, krūptelėti
krūptelėdavo, krūptelėti
krūptelėdavome, krūptelėti
krūptelėdavote, krūptelėti
krūptelėsiu, krūptelėti
krūptelėsi, krūptelėti
krūptelės, krūptelėti
krūptelėsime, krūptelėti
krūptelėsite, krūptelėti
krūptelėčiau, krūptelėti
krūptelėtum(ei), krūptelėti
krūptelėtų, krūptelėti
krūptelėtu(mė)me, krūptelėti
krūptelėtu(mė)te, krūptelėti
krustelėti, krustelėti
krusteliu, krustelėti
krusteli, krustelėti
krusteli, krustelėti
krustelime, krustelėti
krustelite, krustelėti
krustelėk, krustelėti
krustelėkite, krustelėti
krustelėkime, krustelėti
krustelėjau, krustelėti
krustelėjai, krustelėti
krustelėjo, krustelėti
krustelėjome, krustelėti
krustelėjote, krustelėti
krustelėdavau, krustelėti
krustelėdavai, krustelėti
krustelėdavo, krustelėti
krustelėdavome, krustelėti
krustelėdavote, krustelėti
krustelėsiu, krustelėti
krustelėsi, krustelėti
krustelės, krustelėti
krustelėsime, krustelėti
krustelėsite, krustelėti
krustelėčiau, krustelėti
krustelėtum(ei), krustelėti
krustelėtų, krustelėti
krustelėtu(mė)me, krustelėti
krustelėtu(mė)te, krustelėti
krušti, krušti
krušu, krušti
kruši, krušti
kruša, krušti
krušame, krušti
krušate, krušti
krušk, krušti
kruškite, krušti
kruškime, krušti
krušau, krušti
krušai, krušti
krušo, krušti
krušome, krušti
krušote, krušti
krušdavau, krušti
krušdavai, krušti
krušdavo, krušti
krušdavome, krušti
krušdavote, krušti
kruššiu, krušti
krušši, krušti
krušš, krušti
kruššime, krušti
kruššite, krušti
kruščiau, krušti
kruštum(ei), krušti
kruštų, krušti
kruštu(mė)me, krušti
kruštu(mė)te, krušti
krutėti, krutėti
krutu, krutėti
kruti, krutėti
kruta, krutėti
krutame, krutėti
krutate, krutėti
krutėk, krutėti
krutėkite, krutėti
krutėkime, krutėti
krutėjau, krutėti
krutėjai, krutėti
krutėjo, krutėti
krutėjome, krutėti
krutėjote, krutėti
krutėdavau, krutėti
krutėdavai, krutėti
krutėdavo, krutėti
krutėdavome, krutėti
krutėdavote, krutėti
krutėsiu, krutėti
krutėsi, krutėti
krutės, krutėti
krutėsime, krutėti
krutėsite, krutėti
krutėčiau, krutėti
krutėtum(ei), krutėti
krutėtų, krutėti
krutėtu(mė)me, krutėti
krutėtu(mė)te, krutėti
krutinti, krutinti
krutinu, krutinti
krutini, krutinti
krutina, krutinti
krutiname, krutinti
krutinate, krutinti
krutink, krutinti
krutinkite, krutinti
krutinkime, krutinti
krutinau, krutinti
krutinai, krutinti
krutino, krutinti
krutinome, krutinti
krutinote, krutinti
krutindavau, krutinti
krutindavai, krutinti
krutindavo, krutinti
krutindavome, krutinti
krutindavote, krutinti
krutinsiu, krutinti
krutinsi, krutinti
krutins, krutinti
krutinsime, krutinti
krutinsite, krutinti
krutinčiau, krutinti
krutintum(ei), krutinti
krutintų, krutinti
krutintu(mė)me, krutinti
krutintu(mė)te, krutinti
krykštauti, krykštauti
krykštauju, krykštauti
krykštauji, krykštauti
krykštauja, krykštauti
krykštaujame, krykštauti
krykštaujate, krykštauti
krykštauk, krykštauti
krykštaukite, krykštauti
krykštaukime, krykštauti
krykštavau, krykštauti
krykštavai, krykštauti
krykštavo, krykštauti
krykštavome, krykštauti
krykštavote, krykštauti
krykštaudavau, krykštauti
krykštaudavai, krykštauti
krykštaudavo, krykštauti
krykštaudavome, krykštauti
krykštaudavote, krykštauti
krykštausiu, krykštauti
krykštausi, krykštauti
krykštaus, krykštauti
krykštausime, krykštauti
krykštausite, krykštauti
krykštaučiau, krykštauti
krykštautum(ei), krykštauti
krykštautų, krykštauti
krykštautu(mė)me, krykštauti
krykštautu(mė)te, krykštauti
krypti, krypti
krypstu, krypti
krypsti, krypti
krypsta, krypti
krypstame, krypti
krypstate, krypti
krypk, krypti
krypkite, krypti
krypkime, krypti
krypau, krypti
krypai, krypti
krypo, krypti
krypome, krypti
krypote, krypti
krypdavau, krypti
krypdavai, krypti
krypdavo, krypti
krypdavome, krypti
krypdavote, krypti
krypsiu, krypti
krypsi, krypti
kryps, krypti
krypsime, krypti
krypsite, krypti
krypčiau, krypti
kryptum(ei), krypti
kryptų, krypti
kryptu(mė)me, krypti
kryptu(mė)te, krypti
krypuoti, krypuoti
krypuoju, krypuoti
krypuoji, krypuoti
krypuoja, krypuoti
krypuojame, krypuoti
krypuojate, krypuoti
krypuok, krypuoti
krypuokite, krypuoti
krypuokime, krypuoti
krypavau, krypuoti
krypavai, krypuoti
krypavo, krypuoti
krypavome, krypuoti
krypavote, krypuoti
krypuodavau, krypuoti
krypuodavai, krypuoti
krypuodavo, krypuoti
krypuodavome, krypuoti
krypuodavote, krypuoti
krypuosiu, krypuoti
krypuosi, krypuoti
krypuos, krypuoti
krypuosime, krypuoti
krypuosite, krypuoti
krypuočiau, krypuoti
krypuotum(ei), krypuoti
krypuotų, krypuoti
krypuotu(mė)me, krypuoti
krypuotu(mė)te, krypuoti
kryžiuoti, kryžiuoti
kryžiuoju, kryžiuoti
kryžiuoji, kryžiuoti
kryžiuoja, kryžiuoti
kryžiuojame, kryžiuoti
kryžiuojate, kryžiuoti
kryžiuok, kryžiuoti
kryžiuokite, kryžiuoti
kryžiuokime, kryžiuoti
kryžiavau, kryžiuoti
kryžiavai, kryžiuoti
kryžiavo, kryžiuoti
kryžiavome, kryžiuoti
kryžiavote, kryžiuoti
kryžiuodavau, kryžiuoti
kryžiuodavai, kryžiuoti
kryžiuodavo, kryžiuoti
kryžiuodavome, kryžiuoti
kryžiuodavote, kryžiuoti
kryžiuosiu, kryžiuoti
kryžiuosi, kryžiuoti
kryžiuos, kryžiuoti
kryžiuosime, kryžiuoti
kryžiuosite, kryžiuoti
kryžiuočiau, kryžiuoti
kryžiuotum(ei), kryžiuoti
kryžiuotų, kryžiuoti
kryžiuotu(mė)me, kryžiuoti
kryžiuotu(mė)te, kryžiuoti
kuisti, kuisti
kuičiu, kuisti
kuiči, kuisti
kuičia, kuisti
kuičiame, kuisti
kuičiate, kuisti
kuisk, kuisti
kuiskite, kuisti
kuiskime, kuisti
kuitei, kuisti
kuitė, kuisti
kuitėme, kuisti
kuitėte, kuisti
kuisdavau, kuisti
kuisdavai, kuisti
kuisdavo, kuisti
kuisdavome, kuisti
kuisdavote, kuisti
kuisiu, kuisti
kuisi, kuisti
kuis, kuisti
kuisime, kuisti
kuisite, kuisti
kuisčiau, kuisti
kuistum(ei), kuisti
kuistų, kuisti
kuistu(mė)me, kuisti
kuistu(mė)te, kuisti
kulti, kulti
kuliu, kulti
kuli, kulti
kulia, kulti
kuliame, kulti
kuliate, kulti
kulk, kulti
kulkite, kulti
kulkime, kulti
kūliau, kulti
kūlei, kulti
kūlė, kulti
kūlėme, kulti
kūlėte, kulti
kuldavau, kulti
kuldavai, kulti
kuldavo, kulti
kuldavome, kulti
kuldavote, kulti
kulsiu, kulti
kulsi, kulti
kuls, kulti
kulsime, kulti
kulsite, kulti
kulčiau, kulti
kultum(ei), kulti
kultų, kulti
kultu(mė)me, kulti
kultu(mė)te, kulti
kuopti, kuopti
kuopiu, kuopti
kuopi, kuopti
kuopia, kuopti
kuopiame, kuopti
kuopiate, kuopti
kuopk, kuopti
kuopkite, kuopti
kuopkime, kuopti
kuopiau, kuopti
kuopei, kuopti
kuopė, kuopti
kuopėme, kuopti
kuopėte, kuopti
kuopdavau, kuopti
kuopdavai, kuopti
kuopdavo, kuopti
kuopdavome, kuopti
kuopdavote, kuopti
kuopsiu, kuopti
kuopsi, kuopti
kuops, kuopti
kuopsime, kuopti
kuopsite, kuopti
kuopčiau, kuopti
kuoptum(ei), kuopti
kuoptų, kuopti
kuoptu(mė)me, kuopti
kuoptu(mė)te, kuopti
kūrenti, kūrenti
kūrenu, kūrenti
kūreni, kūrenti
kūrena, kūrenti
kūrename, kūrenti
kūrenate, kūrenti
kūrenk, kūrenti
kūrenkite, kūrenti
kūrenkime, kūrenti
kūrenau, kūrenti
kūrenai, kūrenti
kūreno, kūrenti
kūrenome, kūrenti
kūrenote, kūrenti
kūrendavau, kūrenti
kūrendavai, kūrenti
kūrendavo, kūrenti
kūrendavome, kūrenti
kūrendavote, kūrenti
kūrensiu, kūrenti
kūrensi, kūrenti
kūrens, kūrenti
kūrensime, kūrenti
kūrensite, kūrenti
kūrenčiau, kūrenti
kūrentum(ei), kūrenti
kūrentų, kūrenti
kūrentu(mė)me, kūrenti
kūrentu(mė)te, kūrenti
kursuoti, kursuoti
kursuoju, kursuoti
kursuoji, kursuoti
kursuoja, kursuoti
kursuojame, kursuoti
kursuojate, kursuoti
kursuok, kursuoti
kursuokite, kursuoti
kursuokime, kursuoti
kursavau, kursuoti
kursavai, kursuoti
kursavo, kursuoti
kursavome, kursuoti
kursavote, kursuoti
kursuodavau, kursuoti
kursuodavai, kursuoti
kursuodavo, kursuoti
kursuodavome, kursuoti
kursuodavote, kursuoti
kursuosiu, kursuoti
kursuosi, kursuoti
kursuos, kursuoti
kursuosime, kursuoti
kursuosite, kursuoti
kursuočiau, kursuoti
kursuotum(ei), kursuoti
kursuotų, kursuoti
kursuotu(mė)me, kursuoti
kursuotu(mė)te, kursuoti
kurti, kurti
kuriu, kurti
kuri, kurti
kuria, kurti
kuriame, kurti
kuriate, kurti
kurk, kurti
kurkite, kurti
kurkime, kurti
kūriau, kurti
kūrei, kurti
kūrė, kurti
kūrėme, kurti
kūrėte, kurti
kurdavau, kurti
kurdavai, kurti
kurdavo, kurti
kurdavome, kurti
kurdavote, kurti
kursiu, kurti
kursi, kurti
kurs, kurti
kursime, kurti
kursite, kurti
kurčiau, kurti
kurtum(ei), kurti
kurtų, kurti
kurtu(mė)me, kurti
kurtu(mė)te, kurti
kuštėti, kuštėti
kuštu, kuštėti
kušti, kuštėti
kušta, kuštėti
kuštame, kuštėti
kuštate, kuštėti
kuštėk, kuštėti
kuštėkite, kuštėti
kuštėkime, kuštėti
kuštėjau, kuštėti
kuštėjai, kuštėti
kuštėjo, kuštėti
kuštėjome, kuštėti
kuštėjote, kuštėti
kuštėdavau, kuštėti
kuštėdavai, kuštėti
kuštėdavo, kuštėti
kuštėdavome, kuštėti
kuštėdavote, kuštėti
kuštėsiu, kuštėti
kuštėsi, kuštėti
kuštės, kuštėti
kuštėsime, kuštėti
kuštėsite, kuštėti
kuštėčiau, kuštėti
kuštėtum(ei), kuštėti
kuštėtų, kuštėti
kuštėtu(mė)me, kuštėti
kuštėtu(mė)te, kuštėti
kutenti, kutenti
kutenu, kutenti
kuteni, kutenti
kutena, kutenti
kutename, kutenti
kutenate, kutenti
kutenk, kutenti
kutenkite, kutenti
kutenkime, kutenti
kutenau, kutenti
kutenai, kutenti
kuteno, kutenti
kutenome, kutenti
kutenote, kutenti
kutendavau, kutenti
kutendavai, kutenti
kutendavo, kutenti
kutendavome, kutenti
kutendavote, kutenti
kutensiu, kutenti
kutensi, kutenti
kutens, kutenti
kutensime, kutenti
kutensite, kutenti
kutenčiau, kutenti
kutentum(ei), kutenti
kutentų, kutenti
kutentu(mė)me, kutenti
kutentu(mė)te, kutenti
kvailinti, kvailinti
kvailinu, kvailinti
kvailini, kvailinti
kvailina, kvailinti
kvailiname, kvailinti
kvailinate, kvailinti
kvailink, kvailinti
kvailinkite, kvailinti
kvailinkime, kvailinti
kvailinau, kvailinti
kvailinai, kvailinti
kvailino, kvailinti
kvailinome, kvailinti
kvailinote, kvailinti
kvailindavau, kvailinti
kvailindavai, kvailinti
kvailindavo, kvailinti
kvailindavome, kvailinti
kvailindavote, kvailinti
kvailinsiu, kvailinti
kvailinsi, kvailinti
kvailins, kvailinti
kvailinsime, kvailinti
kvailinsite, kvailinti
kvailinčiau, kvailinti
kvailintum(ei), kvailinti
kvailintų, kvailinti
kvailintu(mė)me, kvailinti
kvailintu(mė)te, kvailinti
kvailioti, kvailioti
kvailioju, kvailioti
kvailioji, kvailioti
kvailioja, kvailioti
kvailiojame, kvailioti
kvailiojate, kvailioti
kvailiok, kvailioti
kvailiokite, kvailioti
kvailiokime, kvailioti
kvailiojau, kvailioti
kvailiojai, kvailioti
kvailiojo, kvailioti
kvailiojome, kvailioti
kvailiojote, kvailioti
kvailiodavau, kvailioti
kvailiodavai, kvailioti
kvailiodavo, kvailioti
kvailiodavome, kvailioti
kvailiodavote, kvailioti
kvailiosiu, kvailioti
kvailiosi, kvailioti
kvailios, kvailioti
kvailiosime, kvailioti
kvailiosite, kvailioti
kvailiočiau, kvailioti
kvailiotum(ei), kvailioti
kvailiotų, kvailioti
kvailiotu(mė)me, kvailioti
kvailiotu(mė)te, kvailioti
kvalifikuoti, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuoju, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuoji, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuoja, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuojame, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuojate, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuok, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuokite, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuokime, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikavau, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikavai, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikavo, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikavome, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikavote, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuodavau, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuodavai, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuodavo, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuodavome, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuodavote, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuosiu, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuosi, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuos, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuosime, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuosite, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuočiau, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuotum(ei), kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuotų, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuotu(mė)me, kvalifikuoti
kvalifikuotu(mė)te, kvalifikuoti
kvatoti, kvatoti
kvatoju, kvatoti
kvatoji, kvatoti
kvatoja, kvatoti
kvatojame, kvatoti
kvatojate, kvatoti
kvatok, kvatoti
kvatokite, kvatoti
kvatokime, kvatoti
kvatojau, kvatoti
kvatojai, kvatoti
kvatojo, kvatoti
kvatojome, kvatoti
kvatojote, kvatoti
kvatodavau, kvatoti
kvatodavai, kvatoti
kvatodavo, kvatoti
kvatodavome, kvatoti
kvatodavote, kvatoti
kvatosiu, kvatoti
kvatosi, kvatoti
kvatos, kvatoti
kvatosime, kvatoti
kvatosite, kvatoti
kvatočiau, kvatoti
kvatotum(ei), kvatoti
kvatotų, kvatoti
kvatotu(mė)me, kvatoti
kvatotu(mė)te, kvatoti
kvepėti, kvepėti
kvepiu, kvepėti
kvepi, kvepėti
kvepia, kvepėti
kvepiame, kvepėti
kvepiate, kvepėti
kvepėk, kvepėti
kvepėkite, kvepėti
kvepėkime, kvepėti
kvepėjau, kvepėti
kvepėjai, kvepėti
kvepėjo, kvepėti
kvepėjome, kvepėti
kvepėjote, kvepėti
kvepėdavau, kvepėti
kvepėdavai, kvepėti
kvepėdavo, kvepėti
kvepėdavome, kvepėti
kvepėdavote, kvepėti
kvepėsiu, kvepėti
kvepėsi, kvepėti
kvepės, kvepėti
kvepėsime, kvepėti
kvepėsite, kvepėti
kvepėčiau, kvepėti
kvepėtum(ei), kvepėti
kvepėtų, kvepėti
kvepėtu(mė)me, kvepėti
kvepėtu(mė)te, kvepėti
kvėpinti, kvėpinti
kvėpinu, kvėpinti
kvėpini, kvėpinti
kvėpina, kvėpinti
kvėpiname, kvėpinti
kvėpinate, kvėpinti
kvėpink, kvėpinti
kvėpinkite, kvėpinti
kvėpinkime, kvėpinti
kvėpinau, kvėpinti
kvėpinai, kvėpinti
kvėpino, kvėpinti
kvėpinome, kvėpinti
kvėpinote, kvėpinti
kvėpindavau, kvėpinti
kvėpindavai, kvėpinti
kvėpindavo, kvėpinti
kvėpindavome, kvėpinti
kvėpindavote, kvėpinti
kvėpinsiu, kvėpinti
kvėpinsi, kvėpinti
kvėpins, kvėpinti
kvėpinsime, kvėpinti
kvėpinsite, kvėpinti
kvėpinčiau, kvėpinti
kvėpintum(ei), kvėpinti
kvėpintų, kvėpinti
kvėpintu(mė)me, kvėpinti
kvėpintu(mė)te, kvėpinti
kvėpuoti, kvėpuoti
kvėpuoju, kvėpuoti
kvėpuoji, kvėpuoti
kvėpuoja, kvėpuoti
kvėpuojame, kvėpuoti
kvėpuojate, kvėpuoti
kvėpuok, kvėpuoti
kvėpuokite, kvėpuoti
kvėpuokime, kvėpuoti
kvėpavau, kvėpuoti
kvėpavai, kvėpuoti
kvėpavo, kvėpuoti
kvėpavome, kvėpuoti
kvėpavote, kvėpuoti
kvėpuodavau, kvėpuoti
kvėpuodavai, kvėpuoti
kvėpuodavo, kvėpuoti
kvėpuodavome, kvėpuoti
kvėpuodavote, kvėpuoti
kvėpuosiu, kvėpuoti
kvėpuosi, kvėpuoti
kvėpuos, kvėpuoti
kvėpuosime, kvėpuoti
kvėpuosite, kvėpuoti
kvėpuočiau, kvėpuoti
kvėpuotum(ei), kvėpuoti
kvėpuotų, kvėpuoti
kvėpuotu(mė)me, kvėpuoti
kvėpuotu(mė)te, kvėpuoti
kviesti, kviesti
kviečiu, kviesti
kvieči, kviesti
kviečia, kviesti
kviečiame, kviesti
kviečiate, kviesti
kviesk, kviesti
kvieskite, kviesti
kvieskime, kviesti
kvietei, kviesti
kvietė, kviesti
kvietėme, kviesti
kvietėte, kviesti
kviesdavau, kviesti
kviesdavai, kviesti
kviesdavo, kviesti
kviesdavome, kviesti
kviesdavote, kviesti
kviesiu, kviesti
kviesi, kviesti
kvies, kviesti
kviesime, kviesti
kviesite, kviesti
kviesčiau, kviesti
kviestum(ei), kviesti
kviestų, kviesti
kviestu(mė)me, kviesti
kviestu(mė)te, kviesti
kylėti, kylėti
kyliu, kylėti
kyli, kylėti
kyli, kylėti
kylime, kylėti
kylite, kylėti
kylėk, kylėti
kylėkite, kylėti
kylėkime, kylėti
kylėjau, kylėti
kylėjai, kylėti
kylėjo, kylėti
kylėjome, kylėti
kylėjote, kylėti
kylėdavau, kylėti
kylėdavai, kylėti
kylėdavo, kylėti
kylėdavome, kylėti
kylėdavote, kylėti
kylėsiu, kylėti
kylėsi, kylėti
kylės, kylėti
kylėsime, kylėti
kylėsite, kylėti
kylėčiau, kylėti
kylėtum(ei), kylėti
kylėtų, kylėti
kylėtu(mė)me, kylėti
kylėtu(mė)te, kylėti
kyšoti, kyšoti
kyšau, kyšoti
kyšai, kyšoti
kyšo, kyšoti
kyšome, kyšoti
kyšote, kyšoti
kyšok, kyšoti
kyšokite, kyšoti
kyšokime, kyšoti
kyšojau, kyšoti
kyšojai, kyšoti
kyšojo, kyšoti
kyšojome, kyšoti
kyšojote, kyšoti
kyšodavau, kyšoti
kyšodavai, kyšoti
kyšodavo, kyšoti
kyšodavome, kyšoti
kyšodavote, kyšoti
kyšosiu, kyšoti
kyšosi, kyšoti
kyšos, kyšoti
kyšosime, kyšoti
kyšosite, kyšoti
kyšočiau, kyšoti
kyšotum(ei), kyšoti
kyšotų, kyšoti
kyšotu(mė)me, kyšoti
kyšotu(mė)te, kyšoti
labinti, labinti
labinu, labinti
labini, labinti
labina, labinti
labiname, labinti
labinate, labinti
labink, labinti
labinkite, labinti
labinkime, labinti
labinau, labinti
labinai, labinti
labino, labinti
labinome, labinti
labinote, labinti
labindavau, labinti
labindavai, labinti
labindavo, labinti
labindavome, labinti
labindavote, labinti
labinsiu, labinti
labinsi, labinti
labins, labinti
labinsime, labinti
labinsite, labinti
labinčiau, labinti
labintum(ei), labinti
labintų, labinti
labintu(mė)me, labinti
labintu(mė)te, labinti
laidoti, laidoti
laidoju, laidoti
laidoji, laidoti
laidoja, laidoti
laidojame, laidoti
laidojate, laidoti
laidok, laidoti
laidokite, laidoti
laidokime, laidoti
laidojau, laidoti
laidojai, laidoti
laidojo, laidoti
laidojome, laidoti
laidojote, laidoti
laidodavau, laidoti
laidodavai, laidoti
laidodavo, laidoti
laidodavome, laidoti
laidodavote, laidoti
laidosiu, laidoti
laidosi, laidoti
laidos, laidoti
laidosime, laidoti
laidosite, laidoti
laidočiau, laidoti
laidotum(ei), laidoti
laidotų, laidoti
laidotu(mė)me, laidoti
laidotu(mė)te, laidoti
laiduoti, laiduoti
laiduoju, laiduoti
laiduoji, laiduoti
laiduoja, laiduoti
laiduojame, laiduoti
laiduojate, laiduoti
laiduok, laiduoti
laiduokite, laiduoti
laiduokime, laiduoti
laidavau, laiduoti
laidavai, laiduoti
laidavo, laiduoti
laidavome, laiduoti
laidavote, laiduoti
laiduodavau, laiduoti
laiduodavai, laiduoti
laiduodavo, laiduoti
laiduodavome, laiduoti
laiduodavote, laiduoti
laiduosiu, laiduoti
laiduosi, laiduoti
laiduos, laiduoti
laiduosime, laiduoti
laiduosite, laiduoti
laiduočiau, laiduoti
laiduotum(ei), laiduoti
laiduotų, laiduoti
laiduotu(mė)me, laiduoti
laiduotu(mė)te, laiduoti
laidyti, laidyti
laidžau, laidyti
laidai, laidyti
laido, laidyti
laidome, laidyti
laidote, laidyti
laidyk, laidyti
laidykite, laidyti
laidykime, laidyti
laidei, laidyti
laidė, laidyti
laidėme, laidyti
laidėte, laidyti
laidydavau, laidyti
laidydavai, laidyti
laidydavo, laidyti
laidydavome, laidyti
laidydavote, laidyti
laidysiu, laidyti
laidysi, laidyti
laidys, laidyti
laidysime, laidyti
laidysite, laidyti
laidyčiau, laidyti
laidytum(ei), laidyti
laidytų, laidyti
laidytu(mė)me, laidyti
laidytu(mė)te, laidyti
laikinti, laikinti
laikinu, laikinti
laikini, laikinti
laikina, laikinti
laikiname, laikinti
laikinate, laikinti
laikink, laikinti
laikinkite, laikinti
laikinkime, laikinti
laikinau, laikinti
laikinai, laikinti
laikino, laikinti
laikinome, laikinti
laikinote, laikinti
laikindavau, laikinti
laikindavai, laikinti
laikindavo, laikinti
laikindavome, laikinti
laikindavote, laikinti
laikinsiu, laikinti
laikinsi, laikinti
laikins, laikinti
laikinsime, laikinti
laikinsite, laikinti
laikinčiau, laikinti
laikintum(ei), laikinti
laikintų, laikinti
laikintu(mė)me, laikinti
laikintu(mė)te, laikinti
laikyti, laikyti
laikau, laikyti
laikai, laikyti
laiko, laikyti
laikome, laikyti
laikote, laikyti
laikyk, laikyti
laikykite, laikyti
laikykime, laikyti
laikiau, laikyti
laikei, laikyti
laikė, laikyti
laikėme, laikyti
laikėte, laikyti
laikydavau, laikyti
laikydavai, laikyti
laikydavo, laikyti
laikydavome, laikyti
laikydavote, laikyti
laikysiu, laikyti
laikysi, laikyti
laikys, laikyti
laikysime, laikyti
laikysite, laikyti
laikyčiau, laikyti
laikytum(ei), laikyti
laikytų, laikyti
laikytu(mė)me, laikyti
laikytu(mė)te, laikyti
laimėti, laimėti
laimiu, laimėti
laimi, laimėti
laimi, laimėti
laimime, laimėti
laimite, laimėti
laimėk, laimėti
laimėkite, laimėti
laimėkime, laimėti
laimėjau, laimėti
laimėjai, laimėti
laimėjo, laimėti
laimėjome, laimėti
laimėjote, laimėti
laimėdavau, laimėti
laimėdavai, laimėti
laimėdavo, laimėti
laimėdavome, laimėti
laimėdavote, laimėti
laimėsiu, laimėti
laimėsi, laimėti
laimės, laimėti
laimėsime, laimėti
laimėsite, laimėti
laimėčiau, laimėti
laimėtum(ei), laimėti
laimėtų, laimėti
laimėtu(mė)me, laimėti
laimėtu(mė)te, laimėti
laiminti, laiminti
laiminu, laiminti
laimini, laiminti
laimina, laiminti
laiminame, laiminti
laiminate, laiminti
laimink, laiminti
laiminkite, laiminti
laiminkime, laiminti
laiminau, laiminti
laiminai, laiminti
laimino, laiminti
laiminome, laiminti
laiminote, laiminti
laimindavau, laiminti
laimindavai, laiminti
laimindavo, laiminti
laimindavome, laiminti
laimindavote, laiminti
laiminsiu, laiminti
laiminsi, laiminti
laimins, laiminti
laiminsime, laiminti
laiminsite, laiminti
laiminčiau, laiminti
laimintum(ei), laiminti
laimintų, laiminti
laimintu(mė)me, laiminti
laimintu(mė)te, laiminti
laipinti, laipinti
laipinu, laipinti
laipini, laipinti
laipina, laipinti
laipiname, laipinti
laipinate, laipinti
laipink, laipinti
laipinkite, laipinti
laipinkime, laipinti
laipinau, laipinti
laipinai, laipinti
laipino, laipinti
laipinome, laipinti
laipinote, laipinti
laipindavau, laipinti
laipindavai, laipinti
laipindavo, laipinti
laipindavome, laipinti
laipindavote, laipinti
laipinsiu, laipinti
laipinsi, laipinti
laipins, laipinti
laipinsime, laipinti
laipinsite, laipinti
laipinčiau, laipinti
laipintum(ei), laipinti
laipintų, laipinti
laipintu(mė)me, laipinti
laipintu(mė)te, laipinti
laipioti, laipioti
laipioju, laipioti
laipioji, laipioti
laipioja, laipioti
laipiojame, laipioti
laipiojate, laipioti
laipiok, laipioti
laipiokite, laipioti
laipiokime, laipioti
laipiojau, laipioti
laipiojai, laipioti
laipiojo, laipioti
laipiojome, laipioti
laipiojote, laipioti
laipiodavau, laipioti
laipiodavai, laipioti
laipiodavo, laipioti
laipiodavome, laipioti
laipiodavote, laipioti
laipiosiu, laipioti
laipiosi, laipioti
laipios, laipioti
laipiosime, laipioti
laipiosite, laipioti
laipiočiau, laipioti
laipiotum(ei), laipioti
laipiotų, laipioti
laipiotu(mė)me, laipioti
laipiotu(mė)te, laipioti
laistyti, laistyti
laistau, laistyti
laistai, laistyti
laisto, laistyti
laistome, laistyti
laistote, laistyti
laistyk, laistyti
laistykite, laistyti
laistykime, laistyti
laistei, laistyti
laistė, laistyti
laistėme, laistyti
laistėte, laistyti
laistydavau, laistyti
laistydavai, laistyti
laistydavo, laistyti
laistydavome, laistyti
laistydavote, laistyti
laistysiu, laistyti
laistysi, laistyti
laistys, laistyti
laistysime, laistyti
laistysite, laistyti
laistyčiau, laistyti
laistytum(ei), laistyti
laistytų, laistyti
laistytu(mė)me, laistyti
laistytu(mė)te, laistyti
laisvėti, laisvėti
laisvėju, laisvėti
laisvėji, laisvėti
laisvėja, laisvėti
laisvėjame, laisvėti
laisvėjate, laisvėti
laisvėk, laisvėti
laisvėkite, laisvėti
laisvėkime, laisvėti
laisvėjau, laisvėti
laisvėjai, laisvėti
laisvėjo, laisvėti
laisvėjome, laisvėti
laisvėjote, laisvėti
laisvėdavau, laisvėti
laisvėdavai, laisvėti
laisvėdavo, laisvėti
laisvėdavome, laisvėti
laisvėdavote, laisvėti
laisvėsiu, laisvėti
laisvėsi, laisvėti
laisvės, laisvėti
laisvėsime, laisvėti
laisvėsite, laisvėti
laisvėčiau, laisvėti
laisvėtum(ei), laisvėti
laisvėtų, laisvėti
laisvėtu(mė)me, laisvėti
laisvėtu(mė)te, laisvėti
laisvinti, laisvinti
laisvinu, laisvinti
laisvini, laisvinti
laisvina, laisvinti
laisviname, laisvinti
laisvinate, laisvinti
laisvink, laisvinti
laisvinkite, laisvinti
laisvinkime, laisvinti
laisvinau, laisvinti
laisvinai, laisvinti
laisvino, laisvinti
laisvinome, laisvinti
laisvinote, laisvinti
laisvindavau, laisvinti
laisvindavai, laisvinti
laisvindavo, laisvinti
laisvindavome, laisvinti
laisvindavote, laisvinti
laisvinsiu, laisvinti
laisvinsi, laisvinti
laisvins, laisvinti
laisvinsime, laisvinti
laisvinsite, laisvinti
laisvinčiau, laisvinti
laisvintum(ei), laisvinti
laisvintų, laisvinti
laisvintu(mė)me, laisvinti
laisvintu(mė)te, laisvinti
laižyti, laižyti
laižau, laižyti
laižai, laižyti
laižo, laižyti
laižome, laižyti
laižote, laižyti
laižyk, laižyti
laižykite, laižyti
laižykime, laižyti
laižiau, laižyti
laižei, laižyti
laižė, laižyti
laižėme, laižyti
laižėte, laižyti
laižydavau, laižyti
laižydavai, laižyti
laižydavo, laižyti
laižydavome, laižyti
laižydavote, laižyti
laižysiu, laižyti
laižysi, laižyti
laižys, laižyti
laižysime, laižyti
laižysite, laižyti
laižyčiau, laižyti
laižytum(ei), laižyti
laižytų, laižyti
laižytu(mė)me, laižyti
laižytu(mė)te, laižyti
lakioti, lakioti
lakioju, lakioti
lakioji, lakioti
lakioja, lakioti
lakiojame, lakioti
lakiojate, lakioti
lakiok, lakioti
lakiokite, lakioti
lakiokime, lakioti
lakiojau, lakioti
lakiojai, lakioti
lakiojo, lakioti
lakiojome, lakioti
lakiojote, lakioti
lakiodavau, lakioti
lakiodavai, lakioti
lakiodavo, lakioti
lakiodavome, lakioti
lakiodavote, lakioti
lakiosiu, lakioti
lakiosi, lakioti
lakios, lakioti
lakiosime, lakioti
lakiosite, lakioti
lakiočiau, lakioti
lakiotum(ei), lakioti
lakiotų, lakioti
lakiotu(mė)me, lakioti
lakiotu(mė)te, lakioti
lakstyti, lakstyti
lakstau, lakstyti
lakstai, lakstyti
laksto, lakstyti
lakstome, lakstyti
lakstote, lakstyti
lakstyk, lakstyti
lakstykite, lakstyti
lakstykime, lakstyti
lakstei, lakstyti
lakstė, lakstyti
lakstėme, lakstyti
lakstėte, lakstyti
lakstydavau, lakstyti
lakstydavai, lakstyti
lakstydavo, lakstyti
lakstydavome, lakstyti
lakstydavote, lakstyti
lakstysiu, lakstyti
lakstysi, lakstyti
lakstys, lakstyti
lakstysime, lakstyti
lakstysite, lakstyti
lakstyčiau, lakstyti
lakstytum(ei), lakstyti
lakstytų, lakstyti
lakstytu(mė)me, lakstyti
lakstytu(mė)te, lakstyti
lamdyti, lamdyti
lamdžau, lamdyti
lamdai, lamdyti
lamdo, lamdyti
lamdome, lamdyti
lamdote, lamdyti
lamdyk, lamdyti
lamdykite, lamdyti
lamdykime, lamdyti
lamdei, lamdyti
lamdė, lamdyti
lamdėme, lamdyti
lamdėte, lamdyti
lamdydavau, lamdyti
lamdydavai, lamdyti
lamdydavo, lamdyti
lamdydavome, lamdyti
lamdydavote, lamdyti
lamdysiu, lamdyti
lamdysi, lamdyti
lamdys, lamdyti
lamdysime, lamdyti
lamdysite, lamdyti
lamdyčiau, lamdyti
lamdytum(ei), lamdyti
lamdytų, lamdyti
lamdytu(mė)me, lamdyti
lamdytu(mė)te, lamdyti
landžioti, landžioti
landžioju, landžioti
landžioji, landžioti
landžioja, landžioti
landžiojame, landžioti
landžiojate, landžioti
landžiok, landžioti
landžiokite, landžioti
landžiokime, landžioti
landžiojau, landžioti
landžiojai, landžioti
landžiojo, landžioti
landžiojome, landžioti
landžiojote, landžioti
landžiodavau, landžioti
landžiodavai, landžioti
landžiodavo, landžioti
landžiodavome, landžioti
landžiodavote, landžioti
landžiosiu, landžioti
landžiosi, landžioti
landžios, landžioti
landžiosime, landžioti
landžiosite, landžioti
landžiočiau, landžioti
landžiotum(ei), landžioti
landžiotų, landžioti
landžiotu(mė)me, landžioti
landžiotu(mė)te, landžioti
lankstyti, lankstyti
lankstau, lankstyti
lankstai, lankstyti
lanksto, lankstyti
lankstome, lankstyti
lankstote, lankstyti
lankstyk, lankstyti
lankstykite, lankstyti
lankstykime, lankstyti
lankstei, lankstyti
lankstė, lankstyti
lankstėme, lankstyti
lankstėte, lankstyti
lankstydavau, lankstyti
lankstydavai, lankstyti
lankstydavo, lankstyti
lankstydavome, lankstyti
lankstydavote, lankstyti
lankstysiu, lankstyti
lankstysi, lankstyti
lankstys, lankstyti
lankstysime, lankstyti
lankstysite, lankstyti
lankstyčiau, lankstyti
lankstytum(ei), lankstyti
lankstytų, lankstyti
lankstytu(mė)me, lankstyti
lankstytu(mė)te, lankstyti
lankyti, lankyti
lankau, lankyti
lankai, lankyti
lanko, lankyti
lankome, lankyti
lankote, lankyti
lankyk, lankyti
lankykite, lankyti
lankykime, lankyti
lankiau, lankyti
lankei, lankyti
lankė, lankyti
lankėme, lankyti
lankėte, lankyti
lankydavau, lankyti
lankydavai, lankyti
lankydavo, lankyti
lankydavome, lankyti
lankydavote, lankyti
lankysiu, lankyti
lankysi, lankyti
lankys, lankyti
lankysime, lankyti
lankysite, lankyti
lankyčiau, lankyti
lankytum(ei), lankyti
lankytų, lankyti
lankytu(mė)me, lankyti
lankytu(mė)te, lankyti
lašėti, lašėti
lašu, lašėti
laši, lašėti
laša, lašėti
lašame, lašėti
lašate, lašėti
lašėk, lašėti
lašėkite, lašėti
lašėkime, lašėti
lašėjau, lašėti
lašėjai, lašėti
lašėjo, lašėti
lašėjome, lašėti
lašėjote, lašėti
lašėdavau, lašėti
lašėdavai, lašėti
lašėdavo, lašėti
lašėdavome, lašėti
lašėdavote, lašėti
lašėsiu, lašėti
lašėsi, lašėti
lašės, lašėti
lašėsime, lašėti
lašėsite, lašėti
lašėčiau, lašėti
lašėtum(ei), lašėti
lašėtų, lašėti
lašėtu(mė)me, lašėti
lašėtu(mė)te, lašėti
lašnoti, lašnoti
lašnoju, lašnoti
lašnoji, lašnoti
lašnoja, lašnoti
lašnojame, lašnoti
lašnojate, lašnoti
lašnok, lašnoti
lašnokite, lašnoti
lašnokime, lašnoti
lašnojau, lašnoti
lašnojai, lašnoti
lašnojo, lašnoti
lašnojome, lašnoti
lašnojote, lašnoti
lašnodavau, lašnoti
lašnodavai, lašnoti
lašnodavo, lašnoti
lašnodavome, lašnoti
lašnodavote, lašnoti
lašnosiu, lašnoti
lašnosi, lašnoti
lašnos, lašnoti
lašnosime, lašnoti
lašnosite, lašnoti
lašnočiau, lašnoti
lašnotum(ei), lašnoti
lašnotų, lašnoti
lašnotu(mė)me, lašnoti
lašnotu(mė)te, lašnoti
laukti, laukti
laukiu, laukti
lauki, laukti
laukia, laukti
laukiame, laukti
laukiate, laukti
lauk, laukti
laukite, laukti
laukime, laukti
laukiau, laukti
laukei, laukti
laukė, laukti
laukėme, laukti
laukėte, laukti
laukdavau, laukti
laukdavai, laukti
laukdavo, laukti
laukdavome, laukti
laukdavote, laukti
lauksiu, laukti
lauksi, laukti
lauks, laukti
lauksime, laukti
lauksite, laukti
laukčiau, laukti
lauktum(ei), laukti
lauktų, laukti
lauktu(mė)me, laukti
lauktu(mė)te, laukti
laužti, laužti
laužiu, laužti
lauži, laužti
laužia, laužti
laužiame, laužti
laužiate, laužti
laužk, laužti
laužkite, laužti
laužkime, laužti
laužiau, laužti
laužei, laužti
laužė, laužti
laužėme, laužti
laužėte, laužti
lauždavau, laužti
lauždavai, laužti
lauždavo, laužti
lauždavome, laužti
lauždavote, laužti
laužšiu, laužti
laužši, laužti
laužš, laužti
laužšime, laužti
laužšite, laužti
laužčiau, laužti
laužtum(ei), laužti
laužtų, laužti
laužtu(mė)me, laužti
laužtu(mė)te, laužti
laužyti, laužyti
laužau, laužyti
laužai, laužyti
laužo, laužyti
laužome, laužyti
laužote, laužyti
laužyk, laužyti
laužykite, laužyti
laužykime, laužyti
laužiau, laužyti
laužei, laužyti
laužė, laužyti
laužėme, laužyti
laužėte, laužyti
laužydavau, laužyti
laužydavai, laužyti
laužydavo, laužyti
laužydavome, laužyti
laužydavote, laužyti
laužysiu, laužyti
laužysi, laužyti
laužys, laužyti
laužysime, laužyti
laužysite, laužyti
laužyčiau, laužyti
laužytum(ei), laužyti
laužytų, laužyti
laužytu(mė)me, laužyti
laužytu(mė)te, laužyti
lavinti, lavinti
lavinu, lavinti
lavini, lavinti
lavina, lavinti
laviname, lavinti
lavinate, lavinti
lavink, lavinti
lavinkite, lavinti
lavinkime, lavinti
lavinau, lavinti
lavinai, lavinti
lavino, lavinti
lavinome, lavinti
lavinote, lavinti
lavindavau, lavinti
lavindavai, lavinti
lavindavo, lavinti
lavindavome, lavinti
lavindavote, lavinti
lavinsiu, lavinti
lavinsi, lavinti
lavins, lavinti
lavinsime, lavinti
lavinsite, lavinti
lavinčiau, lavinti
lavintum(ei), lavinti
lavintų, lavinti
lavintu(mė)me, lavinti
lavintu(mė)te, lavinti
leisti, leisti
leidžiu, leisti
leidži, leisti
leidžia, leisti
leidžiame, leisti
leidžiate, leisti
leisk, leisti
leiskite, leisti
leiskime, leisti
leidau, leisti
leidai, leisti
leido, leisti
leidome, leisti
leidote, leisti
leisdavau, leisti
leisdavai, leisti
leisdavo, leisti
leisdavome, leisti
leisdavote, leisti
leisiu, leisti
leisi, leisti
leis, leisti
leisime, leisti
leisite, leisti
leisčiau, leisti
leistum(ei), leisti
leistų, leisti
leistu(mė)me, leisti
leistu(mė)te, leisti
lekioti, lekioti
lekioju, lekioti
lekioji, lekioti
lekioja, lekioti
lekiojame, lekioti
lekiojate, lekioti
lekiok, lekioti
lekiokite, lekioti
lekiokime, lekioti
lekiojau, lekioti
lekiojai, lekioti
lekiojo, lekioti
lekiojome, lekioti
lekiojote, lekioti
lekiodavau, lekioti
lekiodavai, lekioti
lekiodavo, lekioti
lekiodavome, lekioti
lekiodavote, lekioti
lekiosiu, lekioti
lekiosi, lekioti
lekios, lekioti
lekiosime, lekioti
lekiosite, lekioti
lekiočiau, lekioti
lekiotum(ei), lekioti
lekiotų, lekioti
lekiotu(mė)me, lekioti
lekiotu(mė)te, lekioti
lėkti, lėkti
lekiu, lėkti
leki, lėkti
lekia, lėkti
lekiame, lėkti
lekiate, lėkti
lėk, lėkti
lėkite, lėkti
lėkime, lėkti
lėkiau, lėkti
lėkei, lėkti
lėkė, lėkti
lėkėme, lėkti
lėkėte, lėkti
lėkdavau, lėkti
lėkdavai, lėkti
lėkdavo, lėkti
lėkdavome, lėkti
lėkdavote, lėkti
lėksiu, lėkti
lėksi, lėkti
lėks, lėkti
lėksime, lėkti
lėksite, lėkti
lėkčiau, lėkti
lėktum(ei), lėkti
lėktų, lėkti
lėktu(mė)me, lėkti
lėktu(mė)te, lėkti
lemti, lemti
lemiu, lemti
lemi, lemti
lemia, lemti
lemiame, lemti
lemiate, lemti
lemk, lemti
lemkite, lemti
lemkime, lemti
lėmiau, lemti
lėmei, lemti
lėmė, lemti
lėmėme, lemti
lėmėte, lemti
lemdavau, lemti
lemdavai, lemti
lemdavo, lemti
lemdavome, lemti
lemdavote, lemti
lemsiu, lemti
lemsi, lemti
lems, lemti
lemsime, lemti
lemsite, lemti
lemčiau, lemti
lemtum(ei), lemti
lemtų, lemti
lemtu(mė)me, lemti
lemtu(mė)te, lemti
lengvėti, lengvėti
lengvėju, lengvėti
lengvėji, lengvėti
lengvėja, lengvėti
lengvėjame, lengvėti
lengvėjate, lengvėti
lengvėk, lengvėti
lengvėkite, lengvėti
lengvėkime, lengvėti
lengvėjau, lengvėti
lengvėjai, lengvėti
lengvėjo, lengvėti
lengvėjome, lengvėti
lengvėjote, lengvėti
lengvėdavau, lengvėti
lengvėdavai, lengvėti
lengvėdavo, lengvėti
lengvėdavome, lengvėti
lengvėdavote, lengvėti
lengvėsiu, lengvėti
lengvėsi, lengvėti
lengvės, lengvėti
lengvėsime, lengvėti
lengvėsite, lengvėti
lengvėčiau, lengvėti
lengvėtum(ei), lengvėti
lengvėtų, lengvėti
lengvėtu(mė)me, lengvėti
lengvėtu(mė)te, lengvėti
lengvinti, lengvinti
lengvinu, lengvinti
lengvini, lengvinti
lengvina, lengvinti
lengviname, lengvinti
lengvinate, lengvinti
lengvink, lengvinti
lengvinkite, lengvinti
lengvinkime, lengvinti
lengvinau, lengvinti
lengvinai, lengvinti
lengvino, lengvinti
lengvinome, lengvinti
lengvinote, lengvinti
lengvindavau, lengvinti
lengvindavai, lengvinti
lengvindavo, lengvinti
lengvindavome, lengvinti
lengvindavote, lengvinti
lengvinsiu, lengvinti
lengvinsi, lengvinti
lengvins, lengvinti
lengvinsime, lengvinti
lengvinsite, lengvinti
lengvinčiau, lengvinti
lengvintum(ei), lengvinti
lengvintų, lengvinti
lengvintu(mė)me, lengvinti
lengvintu(mė)te, lengvinti
lenkti, lenkti
lenkiu, lenkti
lenki, lenkti
lenkia, lenkti
lenkiame, lenkti
lenkiate, lenkti
lenk, lenkti
lenkite, lenkti
lenkime, lenkti
lenkiau, lenkti
lenkei, lenkti
lenkė, lenkti
lenkėme, lenkti
lenkėte, lenkti
lenkdavau, lenkti
lenkdavai, lenkti
lenkdavo, lenkti
lenkdavome, lenkti
lenkdavote, lenkti
lenksiu, lenkti
lenksi, lenkti
lenks, lenkti
lenksime, lenkti
lenksite, lenkti
lenkčiau, lenkti
lenktum(ei), lenkti
lenktų, lenkti
lenktu(mė)me, lenkti
lenktu(mė)te, lenkti
lenktyniauti, lenktyniauti
lenktyniauju, lenktyniauti
lenktyniauji, lenktyniauti
lenktyniauja, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaujame, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaujate, lenktyniauti
lenktyniauk, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaukite, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaukime, lenktyniauti
lenktyniavau, lenktyniauti
lenktyniavai, lenktyniauti
lenktyniavo, lenktyniauti
lenktyniavome, lenktyniauti
lenktyniavote, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaudavau, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaudavai, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaudavo, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaudavome, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaudavote, lenktyniauti
lenktyniausiu, lenktyniauti
lenktyniausi, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaus, lenktyniauti
lenktyniausime, lenktyniauti
lenktyniausite, lenktyniauti
lenktyniaučiau, lenktyniauti
lenktyniautum(ei), lenktyniauti
lenktyniautų, lenktyniauti
lenktyniautu(mė)me, lenktyniauti
lenktyniautu(mė)te, lenktyniauti
lepinti, lepinti
lepinu, lepinti
lepini, lepinti
lepina, lepinti
lepiname, lepinti
lepinate, lepinti
lepink, lepinti
lepinkite, lepinti
lepinkime, lepinti
lepinau, lepinti
lepinai, lepinti
lepino, lepinti
lepinome, lepinti
lepinote, lepinti
lepindavau, lepinti
lepindavai, lepinti
lepindavo, lepinti
lepindavome, lepinti
lepindavote, lepinti
lepinsiu, lepinti
lepinsi, lepinti
lepins, lepinti
lepinsime, lepinti
lepinsite, lepinti
lepinčiau, lepinti
lepintum(ei), lepinti
lepintų, lepinti
lepintu(mė)me, lepinti
lepintu(mė)te, lepinti
leptelėti, leptelėti
leptelėju, leptelėti
leptelėji, leptelėti
leptelėja, leptelėti
leptelėjame, leptelėti
leptelėjate, leptelėti
leptelėk, leptelėti
leptelėkite, leptelėti
leptelėkime, leptelėti
leptelėjau, leptelėti
leptelėjai, leptelėti
leptelėjo, leptelėti
leptelėjome, leptelėti
leptelėjote, leptelėti
leptelėdavau, leptelėti
leptelėdavai, leptelėti
leptelėdavo, leptelėti
leptelėdavome, leptelėti
leptelėdavote, leptelėti
leptelėsiu, leptelėti
leptelėsi, leptelėti
leptelės, leptelėti
leptelėsime, leptelėti
leptelėsite, leptelėti
leptelėčiau, leptelėti
leptelėtum(ei), leptelėti
leptelėtų, leptelėti
leptelėtu(mė)me, leptelėti
leptelėtu(mė)te, leptelėti
lepti, lepti
lempu, lepti
lempi, lepti
lempa, lepti
lempame, lepti
lempate, lepti
lepk, lepti
lepkite, lepti
lepkime, lepti
lepau, lepti
lepai, lepti
lepo, lepti
lepome, lepti
lepote, lepti
lepdavau, lepti
lepdavai, lepti
lepdavo, lepti
lepdavome, lepti
lepdavote, lepti
lepsiu, lepti
lepsi, lepti
leps, lepti
lepsime, lepti
lepsite, lepti
lepčiau, lepti
leptum(ei), lepti
leptų, lepti
leptu(mė)me, lepti
leptu(mė)te, lepti
lesinėti, lesinėti
lesinėju, lesinėti
lesinėji, lesinėti
lesinėja, lesinėti
lesinėjame, lesinėti
lesinėjate, lesinėti
lesinėk, lesinėti
lesinėkite, lesinėti
lesinėkime, lesinėti
lesinėjau, lesinėti
lesinėjai, lesinėti
lesinėjo, lesinėti
lesinėjome, lesinėti
lesinėjote, lesinėti
lesinėdavau, lesinėti
lesinėdavai, lesinėti
lesinėdavo, lesinėti
lesinėdavome, lesinėti
lesinėdavote, lesinėti
lesinėsiu, lesinėti
lesinėsi, lesinėti
lesinės, lesinėti
lesinėsime, lesinėti
lesinėsite, lesinėti
lesinėčiau, lesinėti
lesinėtum(ei), lesinėti
lesinėtų, lesinėti
lesinėtu(mė)me, lesinėti
lesinėtu(mė)te, lesinėti
lesinti, lesinti
lesinu, lesinti
lesini, lesinti
lesina, lesinti
lesiname, lesinti
lesinate, lesinti
lesink, lesinti
lesinkite, lesinti
lesinkime, lesinti
lesinau, lesinti
lesinai, lesinti
lesino, lesinti
lesinome, lesinti
lesinote, lesinti
lesindavau, lesinti
lesindavai, lesinti
lesindavo, lesinti
lesindavome, lesinti
lesindavote, lesinti
lesinsiu, lesinti
lesinsi, lesinti
lesins, lesinti
lesinsime, lesinti
lesinsite, lesinti
lesinčiau, lesinti
lesintum(ei), lesinti
lesintų, lesinti
lesintu(mė)me, lesinti
lesintu(mė)te, lesinti
lesti, lesti
lesu, lesti
lesi, lesti
lesa, lesti
lesame, lesti
lesate, lesti
lesk, lesti
leskite, lesti
leskime, lesti
lesiau, lesti
lesei, lesti
lesė, lesti
lesėme, lesti
lesėte, lesti
lesdavau, lesti
lesdavai, lesti
lesdavo, lesti
lesdavome, lesti
lesdavote, lesti
lesiu, lesti
lesi, lesti
les, lesti
lesime, lesti
lesite, lesti
lesčiau, lesti
lestum(ei), lesti
lestų, lesti
lestu(mė)me, lesti
lestu(mė)te, lesti
lėtinti, lėtinti
lėtinu, lėtinti
lėtini, lėtinti
lėtina, lėtinti
lėtiname, lėtinti
lėtinate, lėtinti
lėtink, lėtinti
lėtinkite, lėtinti
lėtinkime, lėtinti
lėtinau, lėtinti
lėtinai, lėtinti
lėtino, lėtinti
lėtinome, lėtinti
lėtinote, lėtinti
lėtindavau, lėtinti
lėtindavai, lėtinti
lėtindavo, lėtinti
lėtindavome, lėtinti
lėtindavote, lėtinti
lėtinsiu, lėtinti
lėtinsi, lėtinti
lėtins, lėtinti
lėtinsime, lėtinti
lėtinsite, lėtinti
lėtinčiau, lėtinti
lėtintum(ei), lėtinti
lėtintų, lėtinti
lėtintu(mė)me, lėtinti
lėtintu(mė)te, lėtinti
liaupsinti, liaupsinti
liaupsinu, liaupsinti
liaupsini, liaupsinti
liaupsina, liaupsinti
liaupsiname, liaupsinti
liaupsinate, liaupsinti
liaupsink, liaupsinti
liaupsinkite, liaupsinti
liaupsinkime, liaupsinti
liaupsinau, liaupsinti
liaupsinai, liaupsinti
liaupsino, liaupsinti
liaupsinome, liaupsinti
liaupsinote, liaupsinti
liaupsindavau, liaupsinti
liaupsindavai, liaupsinti
liaupsindavo, liaupsinti
liaupsindavome, liaupsinti
liaupsindavote, liaupsinti
liaupsinsiu, liaupsinti
liaupsinsi, liaupsinti
liaupsins, liaupsinti
liaupsinsime, liaupsinti
liaupsinsite, liaupsinti
liaupsinčiau, liaupsinti
liaupsintum(ei), liaupsinti
liaupsintų, liaupsinti
liaupsintu(mė)me, liaupsinti
liaupsintu(mė)te, liaupsinti
liepsnoti, liepsnoti
liepsnoju, liepsnoti
liepsnoji, liepsnoti
liepsnoja, liepsnoti
liepsnojame, liepsnoti
liepsnojate, liepsnoti
liepsnok, liepsnoti
liepsnokite, liepsnoti
liepsnokime, liepsnoti
liepsnojau, liepsnoti
liepsnojai, liepsnoti
liepsnojo, liepsnoti
liepsnojome, liepsnoti
liepsnojote, liepsnoti
liepsnodavau, liepsnoti
liepsnodavai, liepsnoti
liepsnodavo, liepsnoti
liepsnodavome, liepsnoti
liepsnodavote, liepsnoti
liepsnosiu, liepsnoti
liepsnosi, liepsnoti
liepsnos, liepsnoti
liepsnosime, liepsnoti
liepsnosite, liepsnoti
liepsnočiau, liepsnoti
liepsnotum(ei), liepsnoti
liepsnotų, liepsnoti
liepsnotu(mė)me, liepsnoti
liepsnotu(mė)te, liepsnoti
liepti, liepti
liepiu, liepti
liepi, liepti
liepia, liepti
liepiame, liepti
liepiate, liepti
liepk, liepti
liepkite, liepti
liepkime, liepti
liepiau, liepti
liepei, liepti
liepė, liepti
liepėme, liepti
liepėte, liepti
liepdavau, liepti
liepdavai, liepti
liepdavo, liepti
liepdavome, liepti
liepdavote, liepti
liepsiu, liepti
liepsi, liepti
lieps, liepti
liepsime, liepti
liepsite, liepti
liepčiau, liepti
lieptum(ei), liepti
lieptų, liepti
lieptu(mė)me, liepti
lieptu(mė)te, liepti
liesti, liesti
liečiu, liesti
lieči, liesti
liečia, liesti
liečiame, liesti
liečiate, liesti
liesk, liesti
lieskite, liesti
lieskime, liesti
lietei, liesti
lietė, liesti
lietėme, liesti
lietėte, liesti
liesdavau, liesti
liesdavai, liesti
liesdavo, liesti
liesdavome, liesti
liesdavote, liesti
liesiu, liesti
liesi, liesti
lies, liesti
liesime, liesti
liesite, liesti
liesčiau, liesti
liestum(ei), liesti
liestų, liesti
liestu(mė)me, liesti
liestu(mė)te, liesti
lieti, lieti
lieju, lieti
lieji, lieti
lieja, lieti
liejame, lieti
liejate, lieti
liek, lieti
liekite, lieti
liekime, lieti
liejau, lieti
liejai, lieti
liejo, lieti
liejome, lieti
liejote, lieti
liedavau, lieti
liedavai, lieti
liedavo, lieti
liedavome, lieti
liedavote, lieti
liesiu, lieti
liesi, lieti
lies, lieti
liesime, lieti
liesite, lieti
liečiau, lieti
lietum(ei), lieti
lietų, lieti
lietu(mė)me, lieti
lietu(mė)te, lieti
lietuvinti, lietuvinti
lietuvinu, lietuvinti
lietuvini, lietuvinti
lietuvina, lietuvinti
lietuviname, lietuvinti
lietuvinate, lietuvinti
lietuvink, lietuvinti
lietuvinkite, lietuvinti
lietuvinkime, lietuvinti
lietuvinau, lietuvinti
lietuvinai, lietuvinti
lietuvino, lietuvinti
lietuvinome, lietuvinti
lietuvinote, lietuvinti
lietuvindavau, lietuvinti
lietuvindavai, lietuvinti
lietuvindavo, lietuvinti
lietuvindavome, lietuvinti
lietuvindavote, lietuvinti
lietuvinsiu, lietuvinti
lietuvinsi, lietuvinti
lietuvins, lietuvinti
lietuvinsime, lietuvinti
lietuvinsite, lietuvinti
lietuvinčiau, lietuvinti
lietuvintum(ei), lietuvinti
lietuvintų, lietuvinti
lietuvintu(mė)me, lietuvinti
lietuvintu(mė)te, lietuvinti
liežuvauti, liežuvauti
liežuvauju, liežuvauti
liežuvauji, liežuvauti
liežuvauja, liežuvauti
liežuvaujame, liežuvauti
liežuvaujate, liežuvauti
liežuvauk, liežuvauti
liežuvaukite, liežuvauti
liežuvaukime, liežuvauti
liežuvavau, liežuvauti
liežuvavai, liežuvauti
liežuvavo, liežuvauti
liežuvavome, liežuvauti
liežuvavote, liežuvauti
liežuvaudavau, liežuvauti
liežuvaudavai, liežuvauti
liežuvaudavo, liežuvauti
liežuvaudavome, liežuvauti
liežuvaudavote, liežuvauti
liežuvausiu, liežuvauti
liežuvausi, liežuvauti
liežuvaus, liežuvauti
liežuvausime, liežuvauti
liežuvausite, liežuvauti
liežuvaučiau, liežuvauti
liežuvautum(ei), liežuvauti
liežuvautų, liežuvauti
liežuvautu(mė)me, liežuvauti
liežuvautu(mė)te, liežuvauti
lignuoti, lignuoti
linguoju, lignuoti
linguoji, lignuoti
linguoja, lignuoti
linguojame, lignuoti
linguojate, lignuoti
lignuok, lignuoti
lignuokite, lignuoti
lignuokime, lignuoti
lingavau, lignuoti
lingavai, lignuoti
lingavo, lignuoti
lingavome, lignuoti
lingavote, lignuoti
lignuodavau, lignuoti
lignuodavai, lignuoti
lignuodavo, lignuoti
lignuodavome, lignuoti
lignuodavote, lignuoti
lignuosiu, lignuoti
lignuosi, lignuoti
lignuos, lignuoti
lignuosime, lignuoti
lignuosite, lignuoti
lignuočiau, lignuoti
lignuotum(ei), lignuoti
lignuotų, lignuoti
lignuotu(mė)me, lignuoti
lignuotu(mė)te, lignuoti
likti, likti
lieku, likti
lieki, likti
lieka, likti
liekame, likti
liekate, likti
lik, likti
likite, likti
likime, likti
likau, likti
likai, likti
liko, likti
likome, likti
likote, likti
likdavau, likti
likdavai, likti
likdavo, likti
likdavome, likti
likdavote, likti
liksiu, likti
liksi, likti
liks, likti
liksime, likti
liksite, likti
likčiau, likti
liktum(ei), likti
liktų, likti
liktu(mė)me, likti
liktu(mė)te, likti
likviduoti, likviduoti
likviduoju, likviduoti
likviduoji, likviduoti
likviduoja, likviduoti
likviduojame, likviduoti
likviduojate, likviduoti
likviduok, likviduoti
likviduokite, likviduoti
likviduokime, likviduoti
likvidavau, likviduoti
likvidavai, likviduoti
likvidavo, likviduoti
likvidavome, likviduoti
likvidavote, likviduoti
likviduodavau, likviduoti
likviduodavai, likviduoti
likviduodavo, likviduoti
likviduodavome, likviduoti
likviduodavote, likviduoti
likviduosiu, likviduoti
likviduosi, likviduoti
likviduos, likviduoti
likviduosime, likviduoti
likviduosite, likviduoti
likviduočiau, likviduoti
likviduotum(ei), likviduoti
likviduotų, likviduoti
likviduotu(mė)me, likviduoti
likviduotu(mė)te, likviduoti
lindėti, lindėti
lindžiu, lindėti
lindi, lindėti
lindi, lindėti
lindime, lindėti
lindite, lindėti
lindėk, lindėti
lindėkite, lindėti
lindėkime, lindėti
lindėjau, lindėti
lindėjai, lindėti
lindėjo, lindėti
lindėjome, lindėti
lindėjote, lindėti
lindėdavau, lindėti
lindėdavai, lindėti
lindėdavo, lindėti
lindėdavome, lindėti
lindėdavote, lindėti
lindėsiu, lindėti
lindėsi, lindėti
lindės, lindėti
lindėsime, lindėti
lindėsite, lindėti
lindėčiau, lindėti
lindėtum(ei), lindėti
lindėtų, lindėti
lindėtu(mė)me, lindėti
lindėtu(mė)te, lindėti
linguoti, linguoti
linguoju, linguoti
linguoji, linguoti
linguoja, linguoti
linguojame, linguoti
linguojate, linguoti
linguok, linguoti
linguokite, linguoti
linguokime, linguoti
lingavau, linguoti
lingavai, linguoti
lingavo, linguoti
lingavome, linguoti
lingavote, linguoti
linguodavau, linguoti
linguodavai, linguoti
linguodavo, linguoti
linguodavome, linguoti
linguodavote, linguoti
linguosiu, linguoti
linguosi, linguoti
linguos, linguoti
linguosime, linguoti
linguosite, linguoti
linguočiau, linguoti
linguotum(ei), linguoti
linguotų, linguoti
linguotu(mė)me, linguoti
linguotu(mė)te, linguoti
linkčioti, linkčioti
linkčioju, linkčioti
linkčioji, linkčioti
linkčioja, linkčioti
linkčiojame, linkčioti
linkčiojate, linkčioti
linkčiok, linkčioti
linkčiokite, linkčioti
linkčiokime, linkčioti
linkčiojau, linkčioti
linkčiojai, linkčioti
linkčiojo, linkčioti
linkčiojome, linkčioti
linkčiojote, linkčioti
linkčiodavau, linkčioti
linkčiodavai, linkčioti
linkčiodavo, linkčioti
linkčiodavome, linkčioti
linkčiodavote, linkčioti
linkčiosiu, linkčioti
linkčiosi, linkčioti
linkčios, linkčioti
linkčiosime, linkčioti
linkčiosite, linkčioti
linkčiočiau, linkčioti
linkčiotum(ei), linkčioti
linkčiotų, linkčioti
linkčiotu(mė)me, linkčioti
linkčiotu(mė)te, linkčioti
linkėti, linkėti
linkiu, linkėti
linki, linkėti
linki, linkėti
linkime, linkėti
linkite, linkėti
linkėk, linkėti
linkėkite, linkėti
linkėkime, linkėti
linkėjau, linkėti
linkėjai, linkėti
linkėjo, linkėti
linkėjome, linkėti
linkėjote, linkėti
linkėdavau, linkėti
linkėdavai, linkėti
linkėdavo, linkėti
linkėdavome, linkėti
linkėdavote, linkėti
linkėsiu, linkėti
linkėsi, linkėti
linkės, linkėti
linkėsime, linkėti
linkėsite, linkėti
linkėčiau, linkėti
linkėtum(ei), linkėti
linkėtų, linkėti
linkėtu(mė)me, linkėti
linkėtu(mė)te, linkėti
linksėti, linksėti
linksiu, linksėti
linksi, linksėti
linksi, linksėti
linksime, linksėti
linksite, linksėti
linksėk, linksėti
linksėkite, linksėti
linksėkime, linksėti
linksėjau, linksėti
linksėjai, linksėti
linksėjo, linksėti
linksėjome, linksėti
linksėjote, linksėti
linksėdavau, linksėti
linksėdavai, linksėti
linksėdavo, linksėti
linksėdavome, linksėti
linksėdavote, linksėti
linksėsiu, linksėti
linksėsi, linksėti
linksės, linksėti
linksėsime, linksėti
linksėsite, linksėti
linksėčiau, linksėti
linksėtum(ei), linksėti
linksėtų, linksėti
linksėtu(mė)me, linksėti
linksėtu(mė)te, linksėti
linksmėti, linksmėti
linksmėju, linksmėti
linksmėji, linksmėti
linksmėja, linksmėti
linksmėjame, linksmėti
linksmėjate, linksmėti
linksmėk, linksmėti
linksmėkite, linksmėti
linksmėkime, linksmėti
linksmėjau, linksmėti
linksmėjai, linksmėti
linksmėjo, linksmėti
linksmėjome, linksmėti
linksmėjote, linksmėti
linksmėdavau, linksmėti
linksmėdavai, linksmėti
linksmėdavo, linksmėti
linksmėdavome, linksmėti
linksmėdavote, linksmėti
linksmėsiu, linksmėti
linksmėsi, linksmėti
linksmės, linksmėti
linksmėsime, linksmėti
linksmėsite, linksmėti
linksmėčiau, linksmėti
linksmėtum(ei), linksmėti
linksmėtų, linksmėti
linksmėtu(mė)me, linksmėti
linksmėtu(mė)te, linksmėti
linksminti, linksminti
linksminu, linksminti
linksmini, linksminti
linksmina, linksminti
linksminame, linksminti
linksminate, linksminti
linksmink, linksminti
linksminkite, linksminti
linksminkime, linksminti
linksminau, linksminti
linksminai, linksminti
linksmino, linksminti
linksminome, linksminti
linksminote, linksminti
linksmindavau, linksminti
linksmindavai, linksminti
linksmindavo, linksminti
linksmindavome, linksminti
linksmindavote, linksminti
linksminsiu, linksminti
linksminsi, linksminti
linksmins, linksminti
linksminsime, linksminti
linksminsite, linksminti
linksminčiau, linksminti
linksmintum(ei), linksminti
linksmintų, linksminti
linksmintu(mė)me, linksminti
linksmintu(mė)te, linksminti
linksniuoti, linksniuoti
linksniuoju, linksniuoti
linksniuoji, linksniuoti
linksniuoja, linksniuoti
linksniuojame, linksniuoti
linksniuojate, linksniuoti
linksniuok, linksniuoti
linksniuokite, linksniuoti
linksniuokime, linksniuoti
linksniavau, linksniuoti
linksniavai, linksniuoti
linksniavo, linksniuoti
linksniavome, linksniuoti
linksniavote, linksniuoti
linksniuodavau, linksniuoti
linksniuodavai, linksniuoti
linksniuodavo, linksniuoti
linksniuodavome, linksniuoti
linksniuodavote, linksniuoti
linksniuosiu, linksniuoti
linksniuosi, linksniuoti
linksniuos, linksniuoti
linksniuosime, linksniuoti
linksniuosite, linksniuoti
linksniuočiau, linksniuoti
linksniuotum(ei), linksniuoti
linksniuotų, linksniuoti
linksniuotu(mė)me, linksniuoti
linksniuotu(mė)te, linksniuoti
linktelėti, linktelėti
linktelėju, linktelėti
linktelėji, linktelėti
linktelėja, linktelėti
linktelėjame, linktelėti
linktelėjate, linktelėti
linktelėk, linktelėti
linktelėkite, linktelėti
linktelėkime, linktelėti
linktelėjau, linktelėti
linktelėjai, linktelėti
linktelėjo, linktelėti
linktelėjome, linktelėti
linktelėjote, linktelėti
linktelėdavau, linktelėti
linktelėdavai, linktelėti
linktelėdavo, linktelėti
linktelėdavome, linktelėti
linktelėdavote, linktelėti
linktelėsiu, linktelėti
linktelėsi, linktelėti
linktelės, linktelėti
linktelėsime, linktelėti
linktelėsite, linktelėti
linktelėčiau, linktelėti
linktelėtum(ei), linktelėti
linktelėtų, linktelėti
linktelėtu(mė)me, linktelėti
linktelėtu(mė)te, linktelėti
linkti, linkti
linkstu, linkti
linksti, linkti
linksta, linkti
linkstame, linkti
linkstate, linkti
link, linkti
linkite, linkti
linkime, linkti
linkau, linkti
linkai, linkti
linko, linkti
linkome, linkti
linkote, linkti
linkdavau, linkti
linkdavai, linkti
linkdavo, linkti
linkdavome, linkti
linkdavote, linkti
linksiu, linkti
linksi, linkti
links, linkti
linksime, linkti
linksite, linkti
linkčiau, linkti
linktum(ei), linkti
linktų, linkti
linktu(mė)me, linkti
linktu(mė)te, linkti
lipdyti, lipdyti
lipdžau, lipdyti
lipdai, lipdyti
lipdo, lipdyti
lipdome, lipdyti
lipdote, lipdyti
lipdyk, lipdyti
lipdykite, lipdyti
lipdykime, lipdyti
lipdei, lipdyti
lipdė, lipdyti
lipdėme, lipdyti
lipdėte, lipdyti
lipdydavau, lipdyti
lipdydavai, lipdyti
lipdydavo, lipdyti
lipdydavome, lipdyti
lipdydavote, lipdyti
lipdysiu, lipdyti
lipdysi, lipdyti
lipdys, lipdyti
lipdysime, lipdyti
lipdysite, lipdyti
lipdyčiau, lipdyti
lipdytum(ei), lipdyti
lipdytų, lipdyti
lipdytu(mė)me, lipdyti
lipdytu(mė)te, lipdyti
lipti, lipti
lipu, lipti
lipi, lipti
lipa, lipti
lipame, lipti
lipate, lipti
lipk, lipti
lipkite, lipti
lipkime, lipti
lipau, lipti
lipai, lipti
lipo, lipti
lipome, lipti
lipote, lipti
lipdavau, lipti
lipdavai, lipti
lipdavo, lipti
lipdavome, lipti
lipdavote, lipti
lipsiu, lipti
lipsi, lipti
lips, lipti
lipsime, lipti
lipsite, lipti
lipčiau, lipti
liptum(ei), lipti
liptų, lipti
liptu(mė)me, lipti
liptu(mė)te, lipti
liūdėti, liūdėti
liūdžiu, liūdėti
liūdi, liūdėti
liūdi, liūdėti
liūdime, liūdėti
liūdite, liūdėti
liūdėk, liūdėti
liūdėkite, liūdėti
liūdėkime, liūdėti
liūdėjau, liūdėti
liūdėjai, liūdėti
liūdėjo, liūdėti
liūdėjome, liūdėti
liūdėjote, liūdėti
liūdėdavau, liūdėti
liūdėdavai, liūdėti
liūdėdavo, liūdėti
liūdėdavome, liūdėti
liūdėdavote, liūdėti
liūdėsiu, liūdėti
liūdėsi, liūdėti
liūdės, liūdėti
liūdėsime, liūdėti
liūdėsite, liūdėti
liūdėčiau, liūdėti
liūdėtum(ei), liūdėti
liūdėtų, liūdėti
liūdėtu(mė)me, liūdėti
liūdėtu(mė)te, liūdėti
liūdinti, liūdinti
liūdinu, liūdinti
liūdini, liūdinti
liūdina, liūdinti
liūdiname, liūdinti
liūdinate, liūdinti
liūdink, liūdinti
liūdinkite, liūdinti
liūdinkime, liūdinti
liūdinau, liūdinti
liūdinai, liūdinti
liūdino, liūdinti
liūdinome, liūdinti
liūdinote, liūdinti
liūdindavau, liūdinti
liūdindavai, liūdinti
liūdindavo, liūdinti
liūdindavome, liūdinti
liūdindavote, liūdinti
liūdinsiu, liūdinti
liūdinsi, liūdinti
liūdins, liūdinti
liūdinsime, liūdinti
liūdinsite, liūdinti
liūdinčiau, liūdinti
liūdintum(ei), liūdinti
liūdintų, liūdinti
liūdintu(mė)me, liūdinti
liūdintu(mė)te, liūdinti
liudyti, liudyti
liudiju, liudyti
liudiji, liudyti
liudija, liudyti
liudijame, liudyti
liudijate, liudyti
liudyk, liudyti
liudykite, liudyti
liudykime, liudyti
liudijau, liudyti
liudijai, liudyti
liudijo, liudyti
liudijome, liudyti
liudijote, liudyti
liudydavau, liudyti
liudydavai, liudyti
liudydavo, liudyti
liudydavome, liudyti
liudydavote, liudyti
liudysiu, liudyti
liudysi, liudyti
liudis, liudyti
liudysime, liudyti
liudysite, liudyti
liudyčiau, liudyti
liudytum(ei), liudyti
liudytų, liudyti
liudytu(mė)me, liudyti
liudytu(mė)te, liudyti
lopyti, lopyti
lopau, lopyti
lopai, lopyti
lopo, lopyti
lopome, lopyti
lopote, lopyti
lopyk, lopyti
lopykite, lopyti
lopykime, lopyti
lopiau, lopyti
lopei, lopyti
lopė, lopyti
lopėme, lopyti
lopėte, lopyti
lopydavau, lopyti
lopydavai, lopyti
lopydavo, lopyti
lopydavome, lopyti
lopydavote, lopyti
lopysiu, lopyti
lopysi, lopyti
lopys, lopyti
lopysime, lopyti
lopysite, lopyti
lopyčiau, lopyti
lopytum(ei), lopyti
lopytų, lopyti
lopytu(mė)me, lopyti
lopytu(mė)te, lopyti
lošti, lošti
lošiu, lošti
loši, lošti
lošia, lošti
lošiame, lošti
lošiate, lošti
lošk, lošti
loškite, lošti
loškime, lošti
lošiau, lošti
lošei, lošti
lošė, lošti
lošėme, lošti
lošėte, lošti
lošdavau, lošti
lošdavai, lošti
lošdavo, lošti
lošdavome, lošti
lošdavote, lošti
loššiu, lošti
lošši, lošti
lošš, lošti
loššime, lošti
loššite, lošti
loščiau, lošti
loštum(ei), lošti
loštų, lošti
loštu(mė)me, lošti
loštu(mė)te, lošti
loti, loti
loju, loti
loji, loti
loja, loti
lojame, loti
lojate, loti
lok, loti
lokite, loti
lokime, loti
lojau, loti
lojai, loti
lojo, loti
lojome, loti
lojote, loti
lodavau, loti
lodavai, loti
lodavo, loti
lodavome, loti
lodavote, loti
losiu, loti
losi, loti
los, loti
losime, loti
losite, loti
ločiau, loti
lotum(ei), loti
lotų, loti
lotu(mė)me, loti
lotu(mė)te, loti
lukterėti, lukterėti
lukterėju, lukterėti
lukterėji, lukterėti
lukterėja, lukterėti
lukterėjame, lukterėti
lukterėjate, lukterėti
lukterėk, lukterėti
lukterėkite, lukterėti
lukterėkime, lukterėti
lukterėjau, lukterėti
lukterėjai, lukterėti
lukterėjo, lukterėti
lukterėjome, lukterėti
lukterėjote, lukterėti
lukterėdavau, lukterėti
lukterėdavai, lukterėti
lukterėdavo, lukterėti
lukterėdavome, lukterėti
lukterėdavote, lukterėti
lukterėsiu, lukterėti
lukterėsi, lukterėti
lukterės, lukterėti
lukterėsime, lukterėti
lukterėsite, lukterėti
lukterėčiau, lukterėti
lukterėtum(ei), lukterėti
lukterėtų, lukterėti
lukterėtu(mė)me, lukterėti
lukterėtu(mė)te, lukterėti
luošinti, luošinti
luošinu, luošinti
luošini, luošinti
luošina, luošinti
luošiname, luošinti
luošinate, luošinti
luošink, luošinti
luošinkite, luošinti
luošinkime, luošinti
luošinau, luošinti
luošinai, luošinti
luošino, luošinti
luošinome, luošinti
luošinote, luošinti
luošindavau, luošinti
luošindavai, luošinti
luošindavo, luošinti
luošindavome, luošinti
luošindavote, luošinti
luošinsiu, luošinti
luošinsi, luošinti
luošins, luošinti
luošinsime, luošinti
luošinsite, luošinti
luošinčiau, luošinti
luošintum(ei), luošinti
luošintų, luošinti
luošintu(mė)me, luošinti
luošintu(mė)te, luošinti
lupti, lupti
lupu, lupti
lupi, lupti
lupa, lupti
lupame, lupti
lupate, lupti
lupk, lupti
lupkite, lupti
lupkime, lupti
lupau, lupti
lupai, lupti
lupo, lupti
lupome, lupti
lupote, lupti
lupdavau, lupti
lupdavai, lupti
lupdavo, lupti
lupdavome, lupti
lupdavote, lupti
lupsiu, lupti
lupsi, lupti
lups, lupti
lupsime, lupti
lupsite, lupti
lupčiau, lupti
luptum(ei), lupti
luptų, lupti
luptu(mė)me, lupti
luptu(mė)te, lupti
lūžti, lūžti
lūžtu, lūžti
lūžti, lūžti
lūžta, lūžti
lūžtame, lūžti
lūžtate, lūžti
lūžk, lūžti
lūžkite, lūžti
lūžkime, lūžti
lūžau, lūžti
lūžai, lūžti
lūžo, lūžti
lūžome, lūžti
lūžote, lūžti
lūždavau, lūžti
lūždavai, lūžti
lūždavo, lūžti
lūždavome, lūžti
lūždavote, lūžti
lūžšiu, lūžti
lūžši, lūžti
lūžš, lūžti
lūžšime, lūžti
lūžšite, lūžti
lūžčiau, lūžti
lūžtum(ei), lūžti
lūžtų, lūžti
lūžtu(mė)me, lūžti
lūžtu(mė)te, lūžti
lydėti, lydėti
lydžiu, lydėti
lydi, lydėti
lydi, lydėti
lydime, lydėti
lydite, lydėti
lydėk, lydėti
lydėkite, lydėti
lydėkime, lydėti
lydėjau, lydėti
lydėjai, lydėti
lydėjo, lydėti
lydėjome, lydėti
lydėjote, lydėti
lydėdavau, lydėti
lydėdavai, lydėti
lydėdavo, lydėti
lydėdavome, lydėti
lydėdavote, lydėti
lydėsiu, lydėti
lydėsi, lydėti
lydės, lydėti
lydėsime, lydėti
lydėsite, lydėti
lydėčiau, lydėti
lydėtum(ei), lydėti
lydėtų, lydėti
lydėtu(mė)me, lydėti
lydėtu(mė)te, lydėti
lydyti, lydyti
lydžau, lydyti
lydai, lydyti
lydo, lydyti
lydome, lydyti
lydote, lydyti
lydyk, lydyti
lydykite, lydyti
lydykime, lydyti
lydei, lydyti
lydė, lydyti
lydėme, lydyti
lydėte, lydyti
lydydavau, lydyti
lydydavai, lydyti
lydydavo, lydyti
lydydavome, lydyti
lydydavote, lydyti
lydysiu, lydyti
lydysi, lydyti
lydys, lydyti
lydysime, lydyti
lydysite, lydyti
lydyčiau, lydyti
lydytum(ei), lydyti
lydytų, lydyti
lydytu(mė)me, lydyti
lydytu(mė)te, lydyti
lyginti, lyginti
lyginu, lyginti
lygini, lyginti
lygina, lyginti
lyginame, lyginti
lyginate, lyginti
lygink, lyginti
lyginkite, lyginti
lyginkime, lyginti
lyginau, lyginti
lyginai, lyginti
lygino, lyginti
lyginome, lyginti
lyginote, lyginti
lygindavau, lyginti
lygindavai, lyginti
lygindavo, lyginti
lygindavome, lyginti
lygindavote, lyginti
lyginsiu, lyginti
lyginsi, lyginti
lygins, lyginti
lyginsime, lyginti
lyginsite, lyginti
lyginčiau, lyginti
lygintum(ei), lyginti
lygintų, lyginti
lygintu(mė)me, lyginti
lygintu(mė)te, lyginti
lynoti, lynoti
lynoju, lynoti
lynoji, lynoti
lynoja, lynoti
lynojame, lynoti
lynojate, lynoti
lynok, lynoti
lynokite, lynoti
lynokime, lynoti
lynojau, lynoti
lynojai, lynoti
lynojo, lynoti
lynojome, lynoti
lynojote, lynoti
lynodavau, lynoti
lynodavai, lynoti
lynodavo, lynoti
lynodavome, lynoti
lynodavote, lynoti
lynosiu, lynoti
lynosi, lynoti
lynos, lynoti
lynosime, lynoti
lynosite, lynoti
lynočiau, lynoti
lynotum(ei), lynoti
lynotų, lynoti
lynotu(mė)me, lynoti
lynotu(mė)te, lynoti
lytėti, lytėti
lytiu, lytėti
lyti, lytėti
lyti, lytėti
lytime, lytėti
lytite, lytėti
lytėk, lytėti
lytėkite, lytėti
lytėkime, lytėti
lytėjau, lytėti
lytėjai, lytėti
lytėjo, lytėti
lytėjome, lytėti
lytėjote, lytėti
lytėdavau, lytėti
lytėdavai, lytėti
lytėdavo, lytėti
lytėdavome, lytėti
lytėdavote, lytėti
lytėsiu, lytėti
lytėsi, lytėti
lytės, lytėti
lytėsime, lytėti
lytėsite, lytėti
lytėčiau, lytėti
lytėtum(ei), lytėti
lytėtų, lytėti
lytėtu(mė)me, lytėti
lytėtu(mė)te, lytėti
lyti, lyti
lyju, lyti
lyji, lyti
lyja, lyti
lyjame, lyti
lyjate, lyti
lyk, lyti
lykite, lyti
lykime, lyti
lijau, lyti
lijai, lyti
lijo, lyti
lijome, lyti
lijote, lyti
lydavau, lyti
lydavai, lyti
lydavo, lyti
lydavome, lyti
lydavote, lyti
lysiu, lyti
lysi, lyti
lis, lyti
lysime, lyti
lysite, lyti
lyčiau, lyti
lytum(ei), lyti
lytų, lyti
lytu(mė)me, lyti
lytu(mė)te, lyti
lyžtelėti, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėju, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėji, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėja, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėjame, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėjate, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėk, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėkite, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėkime, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėjau, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėjai, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėjo, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėjome, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėjote, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėdavau, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėdavai, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėdavo, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėdavome, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėdavote, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėsiu, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėsi, lyžtelėti
lyžtelės, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėsime, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėsite, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėčiau, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėtum(ei), lyžtelėti
lyžtelėtų, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėtu(mė)me, lyžtelėti
lyžtelėtu(mė)te, lyžtelėti
maigyti, maigyti
maigau, maigyti
maigai, maigyti
maigo, maigyti
maigome, maigyti
maigote, maigyti
maigyk, maigyti
maigykite, maigyti
maigykime, maigyti
maigiau, maigyti
maigei, maigyti
maigė, maigyti
maigėme, maigyti
maigėte, maigyti
maigydavau, maigyti
maigydavai, maigyti
maigydavo, maigyti
maigydavome, maigyti
maigydavote, maigyti
maigysiu, maigyti
maigysi, maigyti
maigys, maigyti
maigysime, maigyti
maigysite, maigyti
maigyčiau, maigyti
maigytum(ei), maigyti
maigytų, maigyti
maigytu(mė)me, maigyti
maigytu(mė)te, maigyti
mainyti, mainyti
mainau, mainyti
mainai, mainyti
maino, mainyti
mainome, mainyti
mainote, mainyti
mainyk, mainyti
mainykite, mainyti
mainykime, mainyti
mainiau, mainyti
mainei, mainyti
mainė, mainyti
mainėme, mainyti
mainėte, mainyti
mainydavau, mainyti
mainydavai, mainyti
mainydavo, mainyti
mainydavome, mainyti
mainydavote, mainyti
mainysiu, mainyti
mainysi, mainyti
mainys, mainyti
mainysime, mainyti
mainysite, mainyti
mainyčiau, mainyti
mainytum(ei), mainyti
mainytų, mainyti
mainytu(mė)me, mainyti
mainytu(mė)te, mainyti
maištauti, maištauti
maištauju, maištauti
maištauji, maištauti
maištauja, maištauti
maištaujame, maištauti
maištaujate, maištauti
maištauk, maištauti
maištaukite, maištauti
maištaukime, maištauti
maištavau, maištauti
maištavai, maištauti
maištavo, maištauti
maištavome, maištauti
maištavote, maištauti
maištaudavau, maištauti
maištaudavai, maištauti
maištaudavo, maištauti
maištaudavome, maištauti
maištaudavote, maištauti
maištausiu, maištauti
maištausi, maištauti
maištaus, maištauti
maištausime, maištauti
maištausite, maištauti
maištaučiau, maištauti
maištautum(ei), maištauti
maištautų, maištauti
maištautu(mė)me, maištauti
maištautu(mė)te, maištauti
maišyti, maišyti
maišau, maišyti
maišai, maišyti
maišo, maišyti
maišome, maišyti
maišote, maišyti
maišyk, maišyti
maišykite, maišyti
maišykime, maišyti
maišiau, maišyti
maišei, maišyti
maišė, maišyti
maišėme, maišyti
maišėte, maišyti
maišydavau, maišyti
maišydavai, maišyti
maišydavo, maišyti
maišydavome, maišyti
maišydavote, maišyti
maišysiu, maišyti
maišysi, maišyti
maišys, maišyti
maišysime, maišyti
maišysite, maišyti
maišyčiau, maišyti
maišytum(ei), maišyti
maišytų, maišyti
maišytu(mė)me, maišyti
maišytu(mė)te, maišyti
maitinti, maitinti
maitinu, maitinti
maitini, maitinti
maitina, maitinti
maitiname, maitinti
maitinate, maitinti
maitink, maitinti
maitinkite, maitinti
maitinkime, maitinti
maitinau, maitinti
maitinai, maitinti
maitino, maitinti
maitinome, maitinti
maitinote, maitinti
maitindavau, maitinti
maitindavai, maitinti
maitindavo, maitinti
maitindavome, maitinti
maitindavote, maitinti
maitinsiu, maitinti
maitinsi, maitinti
maitins, maitinti
maitinsime, maitinti
maitinsite, maitinti
maitinčiau, maitinti
maitintum(ei), maitinti
maitintų, maitinti
maitintu(mė)me, maitinti
maitintu(mė)te, maitinti
maldauti, maldauti
maldauju, maldauti
maldauji, maldauti
maldauja, maldauti
maldaujame, maldauti
maldaujate, maldauti
maldauk, maldauti
maldaukite, maldauti
maldaukime, maldauti
maldavau, maldauti
maldavai, maldauti
maldavo, maldauti
maldavome, maldauti
maldavote, maldauti
maldaudavau, maldauti
maldaudavai, maldauti
maldaudavo, maldauti
maldaudavome, maldauti
maldaudavote, maldauti
maldausiu, maldauti
maldausi, maldauti
maldaus, maldauti
maldausime, maldauti
maldausite, maldauti
maldaučiau, maldauti
maldautum(ei), maldauti
maldautų, maldauti
maldautu(mė)me, maldauti
maldautu(mė)te, maldauti
maldyti, maldyti
maldžau, maldyti
maldai, maldyti
maldo, maldyti
maldome, maldyti
maldote, maldyti
maldyk, maldyti
maldykite, maldyti
maldykime, maldyti
maldei, maldyti
maldė, maldyti
maldėme, maldyti
maldėte, maldyti
maldydavau, maldyti
maldydavai, maldyti
maldydavo, maldyti
maldydavome, maldyti
maldydavote, maldyti
maldysiu, maldyti
maldysi, maldyti
maldys, maldyti
maldysime, maldyti
maldysite, maldyti
maldyčiau, maldyti
maldytum(ei), maldyti
maldytų, maldyti
maldytu(mė)me, maldyti
maldytu(mė)te, maldyti
malonėti, malonėti
malonėju, malonėti
malonėji, malonėti
malonėja, malonėti
malonėjame, malonėti
malonėjate, malonėti
malonėk, malonėti
malonėkite, malonėti
malonėkime, malonėti
malonėjau, malonėti
malonėjai, malonėti
malonėjo, malonėti
malonėjome, malonėti
malonėjote, malonėti
malonėdavau, malonėti
malonėdavai, malonėti
malonėdavo, malonėti
malonėdavome, malonėti
malonėdavote, malonėti
malonėsiu, malonėti
malonėsi, malonėti
malonės, malonėti
malonėsime, malonėti
malonėsite, malonėti
malonėčiau, malonėti
malonėtum(ei), malonėti
malonėtų, malonėti
malonėtu(mė)me, malonėti
malonėtu(mė)te, malonėti
malšinti, malšinti
malšinu, malšinti
malšini, malšinti
malšina, malšinti
malšiname, malšinti
malšinate, malšinti
malšink, malšinti
malšinkite, malšinti
malšinkime, malšinti
malšinau, malšinti
malšinai, malšinti
malšino, malšinti
malšinome, malšinti
malšinote, malšinti
malšindavau, malšinti
malšindavai, malšinti
malšindavo, malšinti
malšindavome, malšinti
malšindavote, malšinti
malšinsiu, malšinti
malšinsi, malšinti
malšins, malšinti
malšinsime, malšinti
malšinsite, malšinti
malšinčiau, malšinti
malšintum(ei), malšinti
malšintų, malšinti
malšintu(mė)me, malšinti
malšintu(mė)te, malšinti
malti, malti
malu, malti
mali, malti
mala, malti
malame, malti
malate, malti
malk, malti
malkite, malti
malkime, malti
maliau, malti
malei, malti
malė, malti
malėme, malti
malėte, malti
maldavau, malti
maldavai, malti
maldavo, malti
maldavome, malti
maldavote, malti
malsiu, malti
malsi, malti
mals, malti
malsime, malti
malsite, malti
malčiau, malti
maltum(ei), malti
maltų, malti
maltu(mė)me, malti
maltu(mė)te, malti
manipuliuoti, manipuliuoti
manipuliuoju, manipuliuoti
manipuliuoji, manipuliuoti
manipuliuoja, manipuliuoti
manipuliuojame, manipuliuoti
manipuliuojate, manipuliuoti
manipuliuok, manipuliuoti
manipuliuokite, manipuliuoti
manipuliuokime, manipuliuoti
manipuliavau, manipuliuoti
manipuliavai, manipuliuoti
manipuliavo, manipuliuoti
manipuliavome, manipuliuoti
manipuliavote, manipuliuoti
manipuliuodavau, manipuliuoti
manipuliuodavai, manipuliuoti
manipuliuodavo, manipuliuoti
manipuliuodavome, manipuliuoti
manipuliuodavote, manipuliuoti
manipuliuosiu, manipuliuoti
manipuliuosi, manipuliuoti
manipuliuos, manipuliuoti
manipuliuosime, manipuliuoti
manipuliuosite, manipuliuoti
manipuliuočiau, manipuliuoti
manipuliuotum(ei), manipuliuoti
manipuliuotų, manipuliuoti
manipuliuotu(mė)me, manipuliuoti
manipuliuotu(mė)te, manipuliuoti
mankštinti, mankštinti
mankštinu, mankštinti
mankštini, mankštinti
mankština, mankštinti
mankštiname, mankštinti
mankštinate, mankštinti
mankštink, mankštinti
mankštinkite, mankštinti
mankštinkime, mankštinti
mankštinau, mankštinti
mankštinai, mankštinti
mankštino, mankštinti
mankštinome, mankštinti
mankštinote, mankštinti
mankštindavau, mankštinti
mankštindavai, mankštinti
mankštindavo, mankštinti
mankštindavome, mankštinti
mankštindavote, mankštinti
mankštinsiu, mankštinti
mankštinsi, mankštinti
mankštins, mankštinti
mankštinsime, mankštinti
mankštinsite, mankštinti
mankštinčiau, mankštinti
mankštintum(ei), mankštinti
mankštintų, mankštinti
mankštintu(mė)me, mankštinti
mankštintu(mė)te, mankštinti
manyti, manyti
manau, manyti
manai, manyti
mano, manyti
manome, manyti
manote, manyti
manyk, manyti
manykite, manyti
manykime, manyti
maniau, manyti
manei, manyti
manė, manyti
manėme, manyti
manėte, manyti
manydavau, manyti
manydavai, manyti
manydavo, manyti
manydavome, manyti
manydavote, manyti
manysiu, manyti
manysi, manyti
manys, manyti
manysime, manyti
manysite, manyti
manyčiau, manyti
manytum(ei), manyti
manytų, manyti
manytu(mė)me, manyti
manytu(mė)te, manyti
marginti, marginti
marginu, marginti
margini, marginti
margina, marginti
marginame, marginti
marginate, marginti
margink, marginti
marginkite, marginti
marginkime, marginti
marginau, marginti
marginai, marginti
margino, marginti
marginome, marginti
marginote, marginti
margindavau, marginti
margindavai, marginti
margindavo, marginti
margindavome, marginti
margindavote, marginti
marginsiu, marginti
marginsi, marginti
margins, marginti
marginsime, marginti
marginsite, marginti
marginčiau, marginti
margintum(ei), marginti
margintų, marginti
margintu(mė)me, marginti
margintu(mė)te, marginti
marguliuoti, marguliuoti
marguliuoju, marguliuoti
marguliuoji, marguliuoti
marguliuoja, marguliuoti
marguliuojame, marguliuoti
marguliuojate, marguliuoti
marguliuok, marguliuoti
marguliuokite, marguliuoti
marguliuokime, marguliuoti
marguliavau, marguliuoti
marguliavai, marguliuoti
marguliavo, marguliuoti
marguliavome, marguliuoti
marguliavote, marguliuoti
marguliuodavau, marguliuoti
marguliuodavai, marguliuoti
marguliuodavo, marguliuoti
marguliuodavome, marguliuoti
marguliuodavote, marguliuoti
marguliuosiu, marguliuoti
marguliuosi, marguliuoti
marguliuos, marguliuoti
marguliuosime, marguliuoti
marguliuosite, marguliuoti
marguliuočiau, marguliuoti
marguliuotum(ei), marguliuoti
marguliuotų, marguliuoti
marguliuotu(mė)me, marguliuoti
marguliuotu(mė)te, marguliuoti
marguoti, marguoti
marguoju, marguoti
marguoji, marguoti
marguoja, marguoti
marguojame, marguoti
marguojate, marguoti
marguok, marguoti
marguokite, marguoti
marguokime, marguoti
margavau, marguoti
margavai, marguoti
margavo, marguoti
margavome, marguoti
margavote, marguoti
marguodavau, marguoti
marguodavai, marguoti
marguodavo, marguoti
marguodavome, marguoti
marguodavote, marguoti
marguosiu, marguoti
marguosi, marguoti
marguos, marguoti
marguosime, marguoti
marguosite, marguoti
marguočiau, marguoti
marguotum(ei), marguoti
marguotų, marguoti
marguotu(mė)me, marguoti
marguotu(mė)te, marguoti
marinti, marinti
marinu, marinti
marini, marinti
marina, marinti
mariname, marinti
marinate, marinti
marink, marinti
marinkite, marinti
marinkime, marinti
marinau, marinti
marinai, marinti
marino, marinti
marinome, marinti
marinote, marinti
marindavau, marinti
marindavai, marinti
marindavo, marinti
marindavome, marinti
marindavote, marinti
marinsiu, marinti
marinsi, marinti
marins, marinti
marinsime, marinti
marinsite, marinti
marinčiau, marinti
marintum(ei), marinti
marintų, marinti
marintu(mė)me, marinti
marintu(mė)te, marinti
marinuoti, marinuoti
marinuoju, marinuoti
marinuoji, marinuoti
marinuoja, marinuoti
marinuojame, marinuoti
marinuojate, marinuoti
marinuok, marinuoti
marinuokite, marinuoti
marinuokime, marinuoti
marinavau, marinuoti
marinavai, marinuoti
marinavo, marinuoti
marinavome, marinuoti
marinavote, marinuoti
marinuodavau, marinuoti
marinuodavai, marinuoti
marinuodavo, marinuoti
marinuodavome, marinuoti
marinuodavote, marinuoti
marinuosiu, marinuoti
marinuosi, marinuoti
marinuos, marinuoti
marinuosime, marinuoti
marinuosite, marinuoti
marinuočiau, marinuoti
marinuotum(ei), marinuoti
marinuotų, marinuoti
marinuotu(mė)me, marinuoti
marinuotu(mė)te, marinuoti
masažuoti, masažuoti
masažuoju, masažuoti
masažuoji, masažuoti
masažuoja, masažuoti
masažuojame, masažuoti
masažuojate, masažuoti
masažuok, masažuoti
masažuokite, masažuoti
masažuokime, masažuoti
masažavau, masažuoti
masažavai, masažuoti
masažavo, masažuoti
masažavome, masažuoti
masažavote, masažuoti
masažuodavau, masažuoti
masažuodavai, masažuoti
masažuodavo, masažuoti
masažuodavome, masažuoti
masažuodavote, masažuoti
masažuosiu, masažuoti
masažuosi, masažuoti
masažuos, masažuoti
masažuosime, masažuoti
masažuosite, masažuoti
masažuočiau, masažuoti
masažuotum(ei), masažuoti
masažuotų, masažuoti
masažuotu(mė)me, masažuoti
masažuotu(mė)te, masažuoti
maskatuoti, maskatuoti
maskatuoju, maskatuoti
maskatuoji, maskatuoti
maskatuoja, maskatuoti
maskatuojame, maskatuoti
maskatuojate, maskatuoti
maskatuok, maskatuoti
maskatuokite, maskatuoti
maskatuokime, maskatuoti
maskatavau, maskatuoti
maskatavai, maskatuoti
maskatavo, maskatuoti
maskatavome, maskatuoti
maskatavote, maskatuoti
maskatuodavau, maskatuoti
maskatuodavai, maskatuoti
maskatuodavo, maskatuoti
maskatuodavome, maskatuoti
maskatuodavote, maskatuoti
maskatuosiu, maskatuoti
maskatuosi, maskatuoti
maskatuos, maskatuoti
maskatuosime, maskatuoti
maskatuosite, maskatuoti
maskatuočiau, maskatuoti
maskatuotum(ei), maskatuoti
maskatuotų, maskatuoti
maskatuotu(mė)me, maskatuoti
maskatuotu(mė)te, maskatuoti
mąstyti, mąstyti
mąstau, mąstyti
mąstai, mąstyti
mąsto, mąstyti
mąstome, mąstyti
mąstote, mąstyti
mąstyk, mąstyti
mąstykite, mąstyti
mąstykime, mąstyti
mąstei, mąstyti
mąstė, mąstyti
mąstėme, mąstyti
mąstėte, mąstyti
mąstydavau, mąstyti
mąstydavai, mąstyti
mąstydavo, mąstyti
mąstydavome, mąstyti
mąstydavote, mąstyti
mąstysiu, mąstyti
mąstysi, mąstyti
mąstys, mąstyti
mąstysime, mąstyti
mąstysite, mąstyti
mąstyčiau, mąstyti
mąstytum(ei), mąstyti
mąstytų, mąstyti
mąstytu(mė)me, mąstyti
mąstytu(mė)te, mąstyti
mąsyti, mąsyti
mąstau, mąsyti
mąstai, mąsyti
mąsto, mąsyti
mąstome, mąsyti
mąstote, mąsyti
mąsyk, mąsyti
mąsykite, mąsyti
mąsykime, mąsyti
mąstei, mąsyti
mąstė, mąsyti
mąstėme, mąsyti
mąstėte, mąsyti
mąsydavau, mąsyti
mąsydavai, mąsyti
mąsydavo, mąsyti
mąsydavome, mąsyti
mąsydavote, mąsyti
mąsysiu, mąsyti
mąsysi, mąsyti
mąsys, mąsyti
mąsysime, mąsyti
mąsysite, mąsyti
mąsyčiau, mąsyti
mąsytum(ei), mąsyti
mąsytų, mąsyti
mąsytu(mė)me, mąsyti
mąsytu(mė)te, mąsyti
maudyti, maudyti
maudžau, maudyti
maudai, maudyti
maudo, maudyti
maudome, maudyti
maudote, maudyti
maudyk, maudyti
maudykite, maudyti
maudykime, maudyti
maudei, maudyti
maudė, maudyti
maudėme, maudyti
maudėte, maudyti
maudydavau, maudyti
maudydavai, maudyti
maudydavo, maudyti
maudydavome, maudyti
maudydavote, maudyti
maudysiu, maudyti
maudysi, maudyti
maudys, maudyti
maudysime, maudyti
maudysite, maudyti
maudyčiau, maudyti
maudytum(ei), maudyti
maudytų, maudyti
maudytu(mė)me, maudyti
maudytu(mė)te, maudyti
mauti, mauti
maunu, mauti
mauni, mauti
mauna, mauti
mauname, mauti
maunate, mauti
mauk, mauti
maukite, mauti
maukime, mauti
moviau, mauti
movei, mauti
movė, mauti
movėme, mauti
movėte, mauti
maudavau, mauti
maudavai, mauti
maudavo, mauti
maudavome, mauti
maudavote, mauti
mausiu, mauti
mausi, mauti
maus, mauti
mausime, mauti
mausite, mauti
maučiau, mauti
mautum(ei), mauti
mautų, mauti
mautu(mė)me, mauti
mautu(mė)te, mauti
mažėti, mažėti
mažėju, mažėti
mažėji, mažėti
mažėja, mažėti
mažėjame, mažėti
mažėjate, mažėti
mažėk, mažėti
mažėkite, mažėti
mažėkime, mažėti
mažėjau, mažėti
mažėjai, mažėti
mažėjo, mažėti
mažėjome, mažėti
mažėjote, mažėti
mažėdavau, mažėti
mažėdavai, mažėti
mažėdavo, mažėti
mažėdavome, mažėti
mažėdavote, mažėti
mažėsiu, mažėti
mažėsi, mažėti
mažės, mažėti
mažėsime, mažėti
mažėsite, mažėti
mažėčiau, mažėti
mažėtum(ei), mažėti
mažėtų, mažėti
mažėtu(mė)me, mažėti
mažėtu(mė)te, mažėti
mazgoti, mazgoti
mazgoju, mazgoti
mazgoji, mazgoti
mazgoja, mazgoti
mazgojame, mazgoti
mazgojate, mazgoti
mazgok, mazgoti
mazgokite, mazgoti
mazgokime, mazgoti
mazgojau, mazgoti
mazgojai, mazgoti
mazgojo, mazgoti
mazgojome, mazgoti
mazgojote, mazgoti
mazgodavau, mazgoti
mazgodavai, mazgoti
mazgodavo, mazgoti
mazgodavome, mazgoti
mazgodavote, mazgoti
mazgosiu, mazgoti
mazgosi, mazgoti
mazgos, mazgoti
mazgosime, mazgoti
mazgosite, mazgoti
mazgočiau, mazgoti
mazgotum(ei), mazgoti
mazgotų, mazgoti
mazgotu(mė)me, mazgoti
mazgotu(mė)te, mazgoti
mažinti, mažinti
mažinu, mažinti
mažini, mažinti
mažina, mažinti
mažiname, mažinti
mažinate, mažinti
mažink, mažinti
mažinkite, mažinti
mažinkime, mažinti
mažinau, mažinti
mažinai, mažinti
mažino, mažinti
mažinome, mažinti
mažinote, mažinti
mažindavau, mažinti
mažindavai, mažinti
mažindavo, mažinti
mažindavome, mažinti
mažindavote, mažinti
mažinsiu, mažinti
mažinsi, mažinti
mažins, mažinti
mažinsime, mažinti
mažinsite, mažinti
mažinčiau, mažinti
mažintum(ei), mažinti
mažintų, mažinti
mažintu(mė)me, mažinti
mažintu(mė)te, mažinti
medituoti, medituoti
medituoju, medituoti
medituoji, medituoti
medituoja, medituoti
medituojame, medituoti
medituojate, medituoti
medituok, medituoti
medituokite, medituoti
medituokime, medituoti
meditavau, medituoti
meditavai, medituoti
meditavo, medituoti
meditavome, medituoti
meditavote, medituoti
medituodavau, medituoti
medituodavai, medituoti
medituodavo, medituoti
medituodavome, medituoti
medituodavote, medituoti
medituosiu, medituoti
medituosi, medituoti
medituos, medituoti
medituosime, medituoti
medituosite, medituoti
medituočiau, medituoti
medituotum(ei), medituoti
medituotų, medituoti
medituotu(mė)me, medituoti
medituotu(mė)te, medituoti
medžioti, medžioti
medžioju, medžioti
medžioji, medžioti
medžioja, medžioti
medžiojame, medžioti
medžiojate, medžioti
medžiok, medžioti
medžiokite, medžioti
medžiokime, medžioti
medžiojau, medžioti
medžiojai, medžioti
medžiojo, medžioti
medžiojome, medžioti
medžiojote, medžioti
medžiodavau, medžioti
medžiodavai, medžioti
medžiodavo, medžioti
medžiodavome, medžioti
medžiodavote, medžioti
medžiosiu, medžioti
medžiosi, medžioti
medžios, medžioti
medžiosime, medžioti
medžiosite, medžioti
medžiočiau, medžioti
medžiotum(ei), medžioti
medžiotų, medžioti
medžiotu(mė)me, medžioti
medžiotu(mė)te, medžioti
mėgdžioti, mėgdžioti
mėgdžioju, mėgdžioti
mėgdžioji, mėgdžioti
mėgdžioja, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiojame, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiojate, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiok, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiokite, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiokime, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiojau, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiojai, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiojo, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiojome, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiojote, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiodavau, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiodavai, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiodavo, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiodavome, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiodavote, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiosiu, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiosi, mėgdžioti
mėgdžios, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiosime, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiosite, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiočiau, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiotum(ei), mėgdžioti
mėgdžiotų, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiotu(mė)me, mėgdžioti
mėgdžiotu(mė)te, mėgdžioti
mėginti, mėginti
mėginu, mėginti
mėgini, mėginti
mėgina, mėginti
mėginame, mėginti
mėginate, mėginti
mėgink, mėginti
mėginkite, mėginti
mėginkime, mėginti
mėginau, mėginti
mėginai, mėginti
mėgino, mėginti
mėginome, mėginti
mėginote, mėginti
mėgindavau, mėginti
mėgindavai, mėginti
mėgindavo, mėginti
mėgindavome, mėginti
mėgindavote, mėginti
mėginsiu, mėginti
mėginsi, mėginti
mėgins, mėginti
mėginsime, mėginti
mėginsite, mėginti
mėginčiau, mėginti
mėgintum(ei), mėginti
mėgintų, mėginti
mėgintu(mė)me, mėginti
mėgintu(mė)te, mėginti
mėgti, mėgti
mėgstu, mėgti
mėgsti, mėgti
mėgsta, mėgti
mėgstame, mėgti
mėgstate, mėgti
mėk, mėgti
mėkite, mėgti
mėkime, mėgti
mėgau, mėgti
mėgai, mėgti
mėgo, mėgti
mėgome, mėgti
mėgote, mėgti
mėgdavau, mėgti
mėgdavai, mėgti
mėgdavo, mėgti
mėgdavome, mėgti
mėgdavote, mėgti
mėgsiu, mėgti
mėgsi, mėgti
mėgs, mėgti
mėgsime, mėgti
mėgsite, mėgti
mėgčiau, mėgti
mėgtum(ei), mėgti
mėgtų, mėgti
mėgtu(mė)me, mėgti
mėgtu(mė)te, mėgti
megzti, megzti
mezgu, megzti
mezgi, megzti
mezga, megzti
mezgame, megzti
mezgate, megzti
megzk, megzti
megzkite, megzti
megzkime, megzti
mezgiau, megzti
mezgei, megzti
mezgė, megzti
mezgėme, megzti
mezgėte, megzti
megzdavau, megzti
megzdavai, megzti
megzdavo, megzti
megzdavome, megzti
megzdavote, megzti
megzsiu, megzti
megzsi, megzti
megzs, megzti
megzsime, megzti
megzsite, megzti
megzčiau, megzti
megztum(ei), megzti
megztų, megzti
megztu(mė)me, megzti
megztu(mė)te, megzti
meilikauti, meilikauti
meilikauju, meilikauti
meilikauji, meilikauti
meilikauja, meilikauti
meilikaujame, meilikauti
meilikaujate, meilikauti
meilikauk, meilikauti
meilikaukite, meilikauti
meilikaukime, meilikauti
meilikavau, meilikauti
meilikavai, meilikauti
meilikavo, meilikauti
meilikavome, meilikauti
meilikavote, meilikauti
meilikaudavau, meilikauti
meilikaudavai, meilikauti
meilikaudavo, meilikauti
meilikaudavome, meilikauti
meilikaudavote, meilikauti
meilikausiu, meilikauti
meilikausi, meilikauti
meilikaus, meilikauti
meilikausime, meilikauti
meilikausite, meilikauti
meilikaučiau, meilikauti
meilikautum(ei), meilikauti
meilikautų, meilikauti
meilikautu(mė)me, meilikauti
meilikautu(mė)te, meilikauti
melsti, melsti
meldžiu, melsti
meldži, melsti
meldžia, melsti
meldžiame, melsti
meldžiate, melsti
melsk, melsti
melskite, melsti
melskime, melsti
meldei, melsti
meldė, melsti
meldėme, melsti
meldėte, melsti
melsdavau, melsti
melsdavai, melsti
melsdavo, melsti
melsdavome, melsti
melsdavote, melsti
melsiu, melsti
melsi, melsti
mels, melsti
melsime, melsti
melsite, melsti
melsčiau, melsti
melstum(ei), melsti
melstų, melsti
melstu(mė)me, melsti
melstu(mė)te, melsti
melsvinti, melsvinti
melsvinu, melsvinti
melsvini, melsvinti
melsvina, melsvinti
melsviname, melsvinti
melsvinate, melsvinti
melsvink, melsvinti
melsvinkite, melsvinti
melsvinkime, melsvinti
melsvinau, melsvinti
melsvinai, melsvinti
melsvino, melsvinti
melsvinome, melsvinti
melsvinote, melsvinti
melsvindavau, melsvinti
melsvindavai, melsvinti
melsvindavo, melsvinti
melsvindavome, melsvinti
melsvindavote, melsvinti
melsvinsiu, melsvinti
melsvinsi, melsvinti
melsvins, melsvinti
melsvinsime, melsvinti
melsvinsite, melsvinti
melsvinčiau, melsvinti
melsvintum(ei), melsvinti
melsvintų, melsvinti
melsvintu(mė)me, melsvinti
melsvintu(mė)te, melsvinti
meluoti, meluoti
meluoju, meluoti
meluoji, meluoti
meluoja, meluoti
meluojame, meluoti
meluojate, meluoti
meluok, meluoti
meluokite, meluoti
meluokime, meluoti
melavau, meluoti
melavai, meluoti
melavo, meluoti
melavome, meluoti
melavote, meluoti
meluodavau, meluoti
meluodavai, meluoti
meluodavo, meluoti
meluodavome, meluoti
meluodavote, meluoti
meluosiu, meluoti
meluosi, meluoti
meluos, meluoti
meluosime, meluoti
meluosite, meluoti
meluočiau, meluoti
meluotum(ei), meluoti
meluotų, meluoti
meluotu(mė)me, meluoti
meluotu(mė)te, meluoti
mėlynėti, mėlynėti
mėlynėju, mėlynėti
mėlynėji, mėlynėti
mėlynėja, mėlynėti
mėlynėjame, mėlynėti
mėlynėjate, mėlynėti
mėlynėk, mėlynėti
mėlynėkite, mėlynėti
mėlynėkime, mėlynėti
mėlynėjau, mėlynėti
mėlynėjai, mėlynėti
mėlynėjo, mėlynėti
mėlynėjome, mėlynėti
mėlynėjote, mėlynėti
mėlynėdavau, mėlynėti
mėlynėdavai, mėlynėti
mėlynėdavo, mėlynėti
mėlynėdavome, mėlynėti
mėlynėdavote, mėlynėti
mėlynėsiu, mėlynėti
mėlynėsi, mėlynėti
mėlynės, mėlynėti
mėlynėsime, mėlynėti
mėlynėsite, mėlynėti
mėlynėčiau, mėlynėti
mėlynėtum(ei), mėlynėti
mėlynėtų, mėlynėti
mėlynėtu(mė)me, mėlynėti
mėlynėtu(mė)te, mėlynėti
mėlyninti, mėlyninti
mėlyninu, mėlyninti
mėlynini, mėlyninti
mėlynina, mėlyninti
mėlyniname, mėlyninti
mėlyninate, mėlyninti
mėlynink, mėlyninti
mėlyninkite, mėlyninti
mėlyninkime, mėlyninti
mėlyninau, mėlyninti
mėlyninai, mėlyninti
mėlynino, mėlyninti
mėlyninome, mėlyninti
mėlyninote, mėlyninti
mėlynindavau, mėlyninti
mėlynindavai, mėlyninti
mėlynindavo, mėlyninti
mėlynindavome, mėlyninti
mėlynindavote, mėlyninti
mėlyninsiu, mėlyninti
mėlyninsi, mėlyninti
mėlynins, mėlyninti
mėlyninsime, mėlyninti
mėlyninsite, mėlyninti
mėlyninčiau, mėlyninti
mėlynintum(ei), mėlyninti
mėlynintų, mėlyninti
mėlynintu(mė)me, mėlyninti
mėlynintu(mė)te, mėlyninti
mėlynuoti, mėlynuoti
mėlynuoju, mėlynuoti
mėlynuoji, mėlynuoti
mėlynuoja, mėlynuoti
mėlynuojame, mėlynuoti
mėlynuojate, mėlynuoti
mėlynuok, mėlynuoti
mėlynuokite, mėlynuoti
mėlynuokime, mėlynuoti
mėlynavau, mėlynuoti
mėlynavai, mėlynuoti
mėlynavo, mėlynuoti
mėlynavome, mėlynuoti
mėlynavote, mėlynuoti
mėlynuodavau, mėlynuoti
mėlynuodavai, mėlynuoti
mėlynuodavo, mėlynuoti
mėlynuodavome, mėlynuoti
mėlynuodavote, mėlynuoti
mėlynuosiu, mėlynuoti
mėlynuosi, mėlynuoti
mėlynuos, mėlynuoti
mėlynuosime, mėlynuoti
mėlynuosite, mėlynuoti
mėlynuočiau, mėlynuoti
mėlynuotum(ei), mėlynuoti
mėlynuotų, mėlynuoti
mėlynuotu(mė)me, mėlynuoti
mėlynuotu(mė)te, mėlynuoti
melžti, melžti
melžiu, melžti
melži, melžti
melžia, melžti
melžiame, melžti
melžiate, melžti
melžk, melžti
melžkite, melžti
melžkime, melžti
melžiau, melžti
melžei, melžti
melžė, melžti
melžėme, melžti
melžėte, melžti
melždavau, melžti
melždavai, melžti
melždavo, melžti
melždavome, melžti
melždavote, melžti
melžšiu, melžti
melžši, melžti
melžš, melžti
melžšime, melžti
melžšite, melžti
melžčiau, melžti
melžtum(ei), melžti
melžtų, melžti
melžtu(mė)me, melžti
melžtu(mė)te, melžti
menkėti, menkėti
menkėju, menkėti
menkėji, menkėti
menkėja, menkėti
menkėjame, menkėti
menkėjate, menkėti
menkėk, menkėti
menkėkite, menkėti
menkėkime, menkėti
menkėjau, menkėti
menkėjai, menkėti
menkėjo, menkėti
menkėjome, menkėti
menkėjote, menkėti
menkėdavau, menkėti
menkėdavai, menkėti
menkėdavo, menkėti
menkėdavome, menkėti
menkėdavote, menkėti
menkėsiu, menkėti
menkėsi, menkėti
menkės, menkėti
menkėsime, menkėti
menkėsite, menkėti
menkėčiau, menkėti
menkėtum(ei), menkėti
menkėtų, menkėti
menkėtu(mė)me, menkėti
menkėtu(mė)te, menkėti
menkinti, menkinti
menkinu, menkinti
menkini, menkinti
menkina, menkinti
menkiname, menkinti
menkinate, menkinti
menkink, menkinti
menkinkite, menkinti
menkinkime, menkinti
menkinau, menkinti
menkinai, menkinti
menkino, menkinti
menkinome, menkinti
menkinote, menkinti
menkindavau, menkinti
menkindavai, menkinti
menkindavo, menkinti
menkindavome, menkinti
menkindavote, menkinti
menkinsiu, menkinti
menkinsi, menkinti
menkins, menkinti
menkinsime, menkinti
menkinsite, menkinti
menkinčiau, menkinti
menkintum(ei), menkinti
menkintų, menkinti
menkintu(mė)me, menkinti
menkintu(mė)te, menkinti
merkti, merkti
merkiu, merkti
merki, merkti
merkia, merkti
merkiame, merkti
merkiate, merkti
merk, merkti
merkite, merkti
merkime, merkti
merkiau, merkti
merkei, merkti
merkė, merkti
merkėme, merkti
merkėte, merkti
merkdavau, merkti
merkdavai, merkti
merkdavo, merkti
merkdavome, merkti
merkdavote, merkti
merksiu, merkti
merksi, merkti
merks, merkti
merksime, merkti
merksite, merkti
merkčiau, merkti
merktum(ei), merkti
merktų, merkti
merktu(mė)me, merkti
merktu(mė)te, merkti
meškerioti, meškerioti
meškerioju, meškerioti
meškerioji, meškerioti
meškerioja, meškerioti
meškeriojame, meškerioti
meškeriojate, meškerioti
meškeriok, meškerioti
meškeriokite, meškerioti
meškeriokime, meškerioti
meškeriojau, meškerioti
meškeriojai, meškerioti
meškeriojo, meškerioti
meškeriojome, meškerioti
meškeriojote, meškerioti
meškeriodavau, meškerioti
meškeriodavai, meškerioti
meškeriodavo, meškerioti
meškeriodavome, meškerioti
meškeriodavote, meškerioti
meškeriosiu, meškerioti
meškeriosi, meškerioti
meškerios, meškerioti
meškeriosime, meškerioti
meškeriosite, meškerioti
meškeriočiau, meškerioti
meškeriotum(ei), meškerioti
meškeriotų, meškerioti
meškeriotu(mė)me, meškerioti
meškeriotu(mė)te, meškerioti
mesti, mesti
metu, mesti
meti, mesti
meta, mesti
metame, mesti
metate, mesti
mesk, mesti
meskite, mesti
meskime, mesti
metei, mesti
metė, mesti
metėme, mesti
metėte, mesti
mesdavau, mesti
mesdavai, mesti
mesdavo, mesti
mesdavome, mesti
mesdavote, mesti
mesiu, mesti
mesi, mesti
mes, mesti
mesime, mesti
mesite, mesti
mesčiau, mesti
mestum(ei), mesti
mestų, mesti
mestu(mė)me, mesti
mestu(mė)te, mesti
mėtyti, mėtyti
mėtau, mėtyti
mėtai, mėtyti
mėto, mėtyti
mėtome, mėtyti
mėtote, mėtyti
mėtyk, mėtyti
mėtykite, mėtyti
mėtykime, mėtyti
mėtei, mėtyti
mėtė, mėtyti
mėtėme, mėtyti
mėtėte, mėtyti
mėtydavau, mėtyti
mėtydavai, mėtyti
mėtydavo, mėtyti
mėtydavome, mėtyti
mėtydavote, mėtyti
mėtysiu, mėtyti
mėtysi, mėtyti
mėtys, mėtyti
mėtysime, mėtyti
mėtysite, mėtyti
mėtyčiau, mėtyti
mėtytum(ei), mėtyti
mėtytų, mėtyti
mėtytu(mė)me, mėtyti
mėtytu(mė)te, mėtyti
mezgti, mezgti
mezgu, mezgti
mezgi, mezgti
mezga, mezgti
mezgame, mezgti
mezgate, mezgti
mezk, mezgti
mezkite, mezgti
mezkime, mezgti
mezgiau, mezgti
mezgei, mezgti
mezgė, mezgti
mezgėme, mezgti
mezgėte, mezgti
mezgdavau, mezgti
mezgdavai, mezgti
mezgdavo, mezgti
mezgdavome, mezgti
mezgdavote, mezgti
mezgsiu, mezgti
mezgsi, mezgti
mezgs, mezgti
mezgsime, mezgti
mezgsite, mezgti
mezgčiau, mezgti
mezgtum(ei), mezgti
mezgtų, mezgti
mezgtu(mė)me, mezgti
mezgtu(mė)te, mezgti
mėžti, mėžti
mėžiu, mėžti
mėži, mėžti
mėžia, mėžti
mėžiame, mėžti
mėžiate, mėžti
mėžk, mėžti
mėžkite, mėžti
mėžkime, mėžti
mėžiau, mėžti
mėžei, mėžti
mėžė, mėžti
mėžėme, mėžti
mėžėte, mėžti
mėždavau, mėžti
mėždavai, mėžti
mėždavo, mėžti
mėždavome, mėžti
mėždavote, mėžti
mėžšiu, mėžti
mėžši, mėžti
mėžš, mėžti
mėžšime, mėžti
mėžšite, mėžti
mėžčiau, mėžti
mėžtum(ei), mėžti
mėžtų, mėžti
mėžtu(mė)me, mėžti
mėžtu(mė)te, mėžti
miaukti, miaukti
miaukiu, miaukti
miauki, miaukti
miaukia, miaukti
miaukiame, miaukti
miaukiate, miaukti
miauk, miaukti
miaukite, miaukti
miaukime, miaukti
miaukiau, miaukti
miaukei, miaukti
miaukė, miaukti
miaukėme, miaukti
miaukėte, miaukti
miaukdavau, miaukti
miaukdavai, miaukti
miaukdavo, miaukti
miaukdavome, miaukti
miaukdavote, miaukti
miauksiu, miaukti
miauksi, miaukti
miauks, miaukti
miauksime, miaukti
miauksite, miaukti
miaukčiau, miaukti
miauktum(ei), miaukti
miauktų, miaukti
miauktu(mė)me, miaukti
miauktu(mė)te, miaukti
miegoti, miegoti
 miegu, miegoti
 miegi, miegoti
 miega, miegoti
 miegame, miegoti
 miegate, miegoti
miegok, miegoti
miegokite, miegoti
miegokime, miegoti
 miegojau, miegoti
 miegojai, miegoti
 miegojo, miegoti
 miegojome, miegoti
 miegojote, miegoti
miegodavau, miegoti
miegodavai, miegoti
miegodavo, miegoti
miegodavome, miegoti
miegodavote, miegoti
miegosiu, miegoti
miegosi, miegoti
miegos, miegoti
miegosime, miegoti
miegosite, miegoti
miegočiau, miegoti
miegotum(ei), miegoti
miegotų, miegoti
miegotu(mė)me, miegoti
miegotu(mė)te, miegoti
miešti, miešti
miešiu, miešti
mieši, miešti
miešia, miešti
miešiame, miešti
miešiate, miešti
miešk, miešti
mieškite, miešti
mieškime, miešti
miešiau, miešti
miešei, miešti
miešė, miešti
miešėme, miešti
miešėte, miešti
miešdavau, miešti
miešdavai, miešti
miešdavo, miešti
miešdavome, miešti
miešdavote, miešti
mieššiu, miešti
miešši, miešti
miešš, miešti
mieššime, miešti
mieššite, miešti
mieščiau, miešti
mieštum(ei), miešti
mieštų, miešti
mieštu(mė)me, miešti
mieštu(mė)te, miešti
migdyti, migdyti
migdžau, migdyti
migdai, migdyti
migdo, migdyti
migdome, migdyti
migdote, migdyti
migdyk, migdyti
migdykite, migdyti
migdykime, migdyti
migdei, migdyti
migdė, migdyti
migdėme, migdyti
migdėte, migdyti
migdydavau, migdyti
migdydavai, migdyti
migdydavo, migdyti
migdydavome, migdyti
migdydavote, migdyti
migdysiu, migdyti
migdysi, migdyti
migdys, migdyti
migdysime, migdyti
migdysite, migdyti
migdyčiau, migdyti
migdytum(ei), migdyti
migdytų, migdyti
migdytu(mė)me, migdyti
migdytu(mė)te, migdyti
migti, migti
mingu, migti
mingi, migti
minga, migti
mingame, migti
mingate, migti
mik, migti
mikite, migti
mikime, migti
migau, migti
migai, migti
migo, migti
migome, migti
migote, migti
migdavau, migti
migdavai, migti
migdavo, migti
migdavome, migti
migdavote, migti
migsiu, migti
migsi, migti
migs, migti
migsime, migti
migsite, migti
migčiau, migti
migtum(ei), migti
migtų, migti
migtu(mė)me, migti
migtu(mė)te, migti
mikčioti, mikčioti
mikčioju, mikčioti
mikčioji, mikčioti
mikčioja, mikčioti
mikčiojame, mikčioti
mikčiojate, mikčioti
mikčiok, mikčioti
mikčiokite, mikčioti
mikčiokime, mikčioti
mikčiojau, mikčioti
mikčiojai, mikčioti
mikčiojo, mikčioti
mikčiojome, mikčioti
mikčiojote, mikčioti
mikčiodavau, mikčioti
mikčiodavai, mikčioti
mikčiodavo, mikčioti
mikčiodavome, mikčioti
mikčiodavote, mikčioti
mikčiosiu, mikčioti
mikčiosi, mikčioti
mikčios, mikčioti
mikčiosime, mikčioti
mikčiosite, mikčioti
mikčiočiau, mikčioti
mikčiotum(ei), mikčioti
mikčiotų, mikčioti
mikčiotu(mė)me, mikčioti
mikčiotu(mė)te, mikčioti
minėti, minėti
miniu, minėti
mini, minėti
mini, minėti
minime, minėti
minite, minėti
minėk, minėti
minėkite, minėti
minėkime, minėti
minėjau, minėti
minėjai, minėti
minėjo, minėti
minėjome, minėti
minėjote, minėti
minėdavau, minėti
minėdavai, minėti
minėdavo, minėti
minėdavome, minėti
minėdavote, minėti
minėsiu, minėti
minėsi, minėti
minės, minėti
minėsime, minėti
minėsite, minėti
minėčiau, minėti
minėtum(ei), minėti
minėtų, minėti
minėtu(mė)me, minėti
minėtu(mė)te, minėti
minkyti, minkyti
minkau, minkyti
minkai, minkyti
minko, minkyti
minkome, minkyti
minkote, minkyti
minkyk, minkyti
minkykite, minkyti
minkykime, minkyti
minkiau, minkyti
minkei, minkyti
minkė, minkyti
minkėme, minkyti
minkėte, minkyti
minkydavau, minkyti
minkydavai, minkyti
minkydavo, minkyti
minkydavome, minkyti
minkydavote, minkyti
minkysiu, minkyti
minkysi, minkyti
minkys, minkyti
minkysime, minkyti
minkysite, minkyti
minkyčiau, minkyti
minkytum(ei), minkyti
minkytų, minkyti
minkytu(mė)me, minkyti
minkytu(mė)te, minkyti
minti, minti
minu, minti
mini, minti
mina, minti
miname, minti
minate, minti
mink, minti
minkite, minti
minkime, minti
myniau, minti
mynei, minti
mynė, minti
mynėme, minti
mynėte, minti
mindavau, minti
mindavai, minti
mindavo, minti
mindavome, minti
mindavote, minti
minsiu, minti
minsi, minti
mins, minti
minsime, minti
minsite, minti
minčiau, minti
mintum(ei), minti
mintų, minti
mintu(mė)me, minti
mintu(mė)te, minti
mintyti, mintyti
mintiju, mintyti
mintiji, mintyti
mintija, mintyti
mintijame, mintyti
mintijate, mintyti
mintyk, mintyti
mintykite, mintyti
mintykime, mintyti
mintijau, mintyti
mintijai, mintyti
mintijo, mintyti
mintijome, mintyti
mintijote, mintyti
mintydavau, mintyti
mintydavai, mintyti
mintydavo, mintyti
mintydavome, mintyti
mintydavote, mintyti
mintysiu, mintyti
mintysi, mintyti
mintis, mintyti
mintysime, mintyti
mintysite, mintyti
mintyčiau, mintyti
mintytum(ei), mintyti
mintytų, mintyti
mintytu(mė)me, mintyti
mintytu(mė)te, mintyti
mirgėti, mirgėti
mirgu, mirgėti
mirgi, mirgėti
mirga, mirgėti
mirgame, mirgėti
mirgate, mirgėti
mirgėk, mirgėti
mirgėkite, mirgėti
mirgėkime, mirgėti
mirgėjau, mirgėti
mirgėjai, mirgėti
mirgėjo, mirgėti
mirgėjome, mirgėti
mirgėjote, mirgėti
mirgėdavau, mirgėti
mirgėdavai, mirgėti
mirgėdavo, mirgėti
mirgėdavome, mirgėti
mirgėdavote, mirgėti
mirgėsiu, mirgėti
mirgėsi, mirgėti
mirgės, mirgėti
mirgėsime, mirgėti
mirgėsite, mirgėti
mirgėčiau, mirgėti
mirgėtum(ei), mirgėti
mirgėtų, mirgėti
mirgėtu(mė)me, mirgėti
mirgėtu(mė)te, mirgėti
mirguliuoti, mirguliuoti
mirguliuoju, mirguliuoti
mirguliuoji, mirguliuoti
mirguliuoja, mirguliuoti
mirguliuojame, mirguliuoti
mirguliuojate, mirguliuoti
mirguliuok, mirguliuoti
mirguliuokite, mirguliuoti
mirguliuokime, mirguliuoti
mirguliavau, mirguliuoti
mirguliavai, mirguliuoti
mirguliavo, mirguliuoti
mirguliavome, mirguliuoti
mirguliavote, mirguliuoti
mirguliuodavau, mirguliuoti
mirguliuodavai, mirguliuoti
mirguliuodavo, mirguliuoti
mirguliuodavome, mirguliuoti
mirguliuodavote, mirguliuoti
mirguliuosiu, mirguliuoti
mirguliuosi, mirguliuoti
mirguliuos, mirguliuoti
mirguliuosime, mirguliuoti
mirguliuosite, mirguliuoti
mirguliuočiau, mirguliuoti
mirguliuotum(ei), mirguliuoti
mirguliuotų, mirguliuoti
mirguliuotu(mė)me, mirguliuoti
mirguliuotu(mė)te, mirguliuoti
mirkčioti, mirkčioti
mirkčioju, mirkčioti
mirkčioji, mirkčioti
mirkčioja, mirkčioti
mirkčiojame, mirkčioti
mirkčiojate, mirkčioti
mirkčiok, mirkčioti
mirkčiokite, mirkčioti
mirkčiokime, mirkčioti
mirkčiojau, mirkčioti
mirkčiojai, mirkčioti
mirkčiojo, mirkčioti
mirkčiojome, mirkčioti
mirkčiojote, mirkčioti
mirkčiodavau, mirkčioti
mirkčiodavai, mirkčioti
mirkčiodavo, mirkčioti
mirkčiodavome, mirkčioti
mirkčiodavote, mirkčioti
mirkčiosiu, mirkčioti
mirkčiosi, mirkčioti
mirkčios, mirkčioti
mirkčiosime, mirkčioti
mirkčiosite, mirkčioti
mirkčiočiau, mirkčioti
mirkčiotum(ei), mirkčioti
mirkčiotų, mirkčioti
mirkčiotu(mė)me, mirkčioti
mirkčiotu(mė)te, mirkčioti
mirksėti, mirksėti
mirksiu, mirksėti
mirksi, mirksėti
mirksi, mirksėti
mirksime, mirksėti
mirksite, mirksėti
mirksėk, mirksėti
mirksėkite, mirksėti
mirksėkime, mirksėti
mirksėjau, mirksėti
mirksėjai, mirksėti
mirksėjo, mirksėti
mirksėjome, mirksėti
mirksėjote, mirksėti
mirksėdavau, mirksėti
mirksėdavai, mirksėti
mirksėdavo, mirksėti
mirksėdavome, mirksėti
mirksėdavote, mirksėti
mirksėsiu, mirksėti
mirksėsi, mirksėti
mirksės, mirksėti
mirksėsime, mirksėti
mirksėsite, mirksėti
mirksėčiau, mirksėti
mirksėtum(ei), mirksėti
mirksėtų, mirksėti
mirksėtu(mė)me, mirksėti
mirksėtu(mė)te, mirksėti
mirktelėti, mirktelėti
mirktelėju, mirktelėti
mirktelėji, mirktelėti
mirktelėja, mirktelėti
mirktelėjame, mirktelėti
mirktelėjate, mirktelėti
mirktelėk, mirktelėti
mirktelėkite, mirktelėti
mirktelėkime, mirktelėti
mirktelėjau, mirktelėti
mirktelėjai, mirktelėti
mirktelėjo, mirktelėti
mirktelėjome, mirktelėti
mirktelėjote, mirktelėti
mirktelėdavau, mirktelėti
mirktelėdavai, mirktelėti
mirktelėdavo, mirktelėti
mirktelėdavome, mirktelėti
mirktelėdavote, mirktelėti
mirktelėsiu, mirktelėti
mirktelėsi, mirktelėti
mirktelės, mirktelėti
mirktelėsime, mirktelėti
mirktelėsite, mirktelėti
mirktelėčiau, mirktelėti
mirktelėtum(ei), mirktelėti
mirktelėtų, mirktelėti
mirktelėtu(mė)me, mirktelėti
mirktelėtu(mė)te, mirktelėti
mirkti, mirkti
merku, mirkti
merki, mirkti
merka, mirkti
merkame, mirkti
merkate, mirkti
mirk, mirkti
mirkite, mirkti
mirkime, mirkti
mirkau, mirkti
mirkai, mirkti
mirko, mirkti
mirkome, mirkti
mirkote, mirkti
mirkdavau, mirkti
mirkdavai, mirkti
mirkdavo, mirkti
mirkdavome, mirkti
mirkdavote, mirkti
mirksiu, mirkti
mirksi, mirkti
mirks, mirkti
mirksime, mirkti
mirksite, mirkti
mirkčiau, mirkti
mirktum(ei), mirkti
mirktų, mirkti
mirktu(mė)me, mirkti
mirktu(mė)te, mirkti
mirti, mirti
mirštu, mirti
miršti, mirti
miršta, mirti
mirštame, mirti
mirštate, mirti
mirk, mirti
mirkite, mirti
mirkime, mirti
miriau, mirti
mirei, mirti
mirė, mirti
mirėme, mirti
mirėte, mirti
mirdavau, mirti
mirdavai, mirti
mirdavo, mirti
mirdavome, mirti
mirdavote, mirti
mirsiu, mirti
mirsi, mirti
mirs, mirti
mirsime, mirti
mirsite, mirti
mirčiau, mirti
mirtum(ei), mirti
mirtų, mirti
mirtu(mė)me, mirti
mirtu(mė)te, mirti
misti, misti
mintu, misti
minti, misti
minta, misti
mintame, misti
mintate, misti
misk, misti
miskite, misti
miskime, misti
mitau, misti
mitai, misti
mito, misti
mitome, misti
mitote, misti
misdavau, misti
misdavai, misti
misdavo, misti
misdavome, misti
misdavote, misti
misiu, misti
misi, misti
mis, misti
misime, misti
misite, misti
misčiau, misti
mistum(ei), misti
mistų, misti
mistu(mė)me, misti
mistu(mė)te, misti
modifikuoti, modifikuoti
modifikuoju, modifikuoti
modifikuoji, modifikuoti
modifikuoja, modifikuoti
modifikuojame, modifikuoti
modifikuojate, modifikuoti
modifikuok, modifikuoti
modifikuokite, modifikuoti
modifikuokime, modifikuoti
modifikavau, modifikuoti
modifikavai, modifikuoti
modifikavo, modifikuoti
modifikavome, modifikuoti
modifikavote, modifikuoti
modifikuodavau, modifikuoti
modifikuodavai, modifikuoti
modifikuodavo, modifikuoti
modifikuodavome, modifikuoti
modifikuodavote, modifikuoti
modifikuosiu, modifikuoti
modifikuosi, modifikuoti
modifikuos, modifikuoti
modifikuosime, modifikuoti
modifikuosite, modifikuoti
modifikuočiau, modifikuoti
modifikuotum(ei), modifikuoti
modifikuotų, modifikuoti
modifikuotu(mė)me, modifikuoti
modifikuotu(mė)te, modifikuoti
mojuoti, mojuoti
mojuoju, mojuoti
mojuoji, mojuoti
mojuoja, mojuoti
mojuojame, mojuoti
mojuojate, mojuoti
mojuok, mojuoti
mojuokite, mojuoti
mojuokime, mojuoti
mojavau, mojuoti
mojavai, mojuoti
mojavo, mojuoti
mojavome, mojuoti
mojavote, mojuoti
mojuodavau, mojuoti
mojuodavai, mojuoti
mojuodavo, mojuoti
mojuodavome, mojuoti
mojuodavote, mojuoti
mojuosiu, mojuoti
mojuosi, mojuoti
mojuos, mojuoti
mojuosime, mojuoti
mojuosite, mojuoti
mojuočiau, mojuoti
mojuotum(ei), mojuoti
mojuotų, mojuoti
mojuotu(mė)me, mojuoti
mojuotu(mė)te, mojuoti
mokėti, mokėti
moku, mokėti
moki, mokėti
moka, mokėti
mokame, mokėti
mokate, mokėti
mokėk, mokėti
mokėkite, mokėti
mokėkime, mokėti
mokėjau, mokėti
mokėjai, mokėti
mokėjo, mokėti
mokėjome, mokėti
mokėjote, mokėti
mokėdavau, mokėti
mokėdavai, mokėti
mokėdavo, mokėti
mokėdavome, mokėti
mokėdavote, mokėti
mokėsiu, mokėti
mokėsi, mokėti
mokės, mokėti
mokėsime, mokėti
mokėsite, mokėti
mokėčiau, mokėti
mokėtum(ei), mokėti
mokėtų, mokėti
mokėtu(mė)me, mokėti
mokėtu(mė)te, mokėti
mokinti, mokinti
mokinu, mokinti
mokini, mokinti
mokina, mokinti
mokiname, mokinti
mokinate, mokinti
mokink, mokinti
mokinkite, mokinti
mokinkime, mokinti
mokinau, mokinti
mokinai, mokinti
mokino, mokinti
mokinome, mokinti
mokinote, mokinti
mokindavau, mokinti
mokindavai, mokinti
mokindavo, mokinti
mokindavome, mokinti
mokindavote, mokinti
mokinsiu, mokinti
mokinsi, mokinti
mokins, mokinti
mokinsime, mokinti
mokinsite, mokinti
mokinčiau, mokinti
mokintum(ei), mokinti
mokintų, mokinti
mokintu(mė)me, mokinti
mokintu(mė)te, mokinti
mokyti, mokyti
mokau, mokyti
mokai, mokyti
moko, mokyti
mokome, mokyti
mokote, mokyti
mokyk, mokyti
mokykite, mokyti
mokykime, mokyti
mokiau, mokyti
mokei, mokyti
mokė, mokyti
mokėme, mokyti
mokėte, mokyti
mokydavau, mokyti
mokydavai, mokyti
mokydavo, mokyti
mokydavome, mokyti
mokydavote, mokyti
mokysiu, mokyti
mokysi, mokyti
mokys, mokyti
mokysime, mokyti
mokysite, mokyti
mokyčiau, mokyti
mokytum(ei), mokyti
mokytų, mokyti
mokytu(mė)me, mokyti
mokytu(mė)te, mokyti
mokytojauti, mokytojauti
mokytojauju, mokytojauti
mokytojauji, mokytojauti
mokytojauja, mokytojauti
mokytojaujame, mokytojauti
mokytojaujate, mokytojauti
mokytojauk, mokytojauti
mokytojaukite, mokytojauti
mokytojaukime, mokytojauti
mokytojavau, mokytojauti
mokytojavai, mokytojauti
mokytojavo, mokytojauti
mokytojavome, mokytojauti
mokytojavote, mokytojauti
mokytojaudavau, mokytojauti
mokytojaudavai, mokytojauti
mokytojaudavo, mokytojauti
mokytojaudavome, mokytojauti
mokytojaudavote, mokytojauti
mokytojausiu, mokytojauti
mokytojausi, mokytojauti
mokytojaus, mokytojauti
mokytojausime, mokytojauti
mokytojausite, mokytojauti
mokytojaučiau, mokytojauti
mokytojautum(ei), mokytojauti
mokytojautų, mokytojauti
mokytojautu(mė)me, mokytojauti
mokytojautu(mė)te, mokytojauti
montuoti, montuoti
montuoju, montuoti
montuoji, montuoti
montuoja, montuoti
montuojame, montuoti
montuojate, montuoti
montuok, montuoti
montuokite, montuoti
montuokime, montuoti
montavau, montuoti
montavai, montuoti
montavo, montuoti
montavome, montuoti
montavote, montuoti
montuodavau, montuoti
montuodavai, montuoti
montuodavo, montuoti
montuodavome, montuoti
montuodavote, montuoti
montuosiu, montuoti
montuosi, montuoti
montuos, montuoti
montuosime, montuoti
montuosite, montuoti
montuočiau, montuoti
montuotum(ei), montuoti
montuotų, montuoti
montuotu(mė)me, montuoti
montuotu(mė)te, montuoti
mosikuoti, mosikuoti
mosikuoju, mosikuoti
mosikuoji, mosikuoti
mosikuoja, mosikuoti
mosikuojame, mosikuoti
mosikuojate, mosikuoti
mosikuok, mosikuoti
mosikuokite, mosikuoti
mosikuokime, mosikuoti
mosikavau, mosikuoti
mosikavai, mosikuoti
mosikavo, mosikuoti
mosikavome, mosikuoti
mosikavote, mosikuoti
mosikuodavau, mosikuoti
mosikuodavai, mosikuoti
mosikuodavo, mosikuoti
mosikuodavome, mosikuoti
mosikuodavote, mosikuoti
mosikuosiu, mosikuoti
mosikuosi, mosikuoti
mosikuos, mosikuoti
mosikuosime, mosikuoti
mosikuosite, mosikuoti
mosikuočiau, mosikuoti
mosikuotum(ei), mosikuoti
mosikuotų, mosikuoti
mosikuotu(mė)me, mosikuoti
mosikuotu(mė)te, mosikuoti
mosuoti, mosuoti
mosuoju, mosuoti
mosuoji, mosuoti
mosuoja, mosuoti
mosuojame, mosuoti
mosuojate, mosuoti
mosuok, mosuoti
mosuokite, mosuoti
mosuokime, mosuoti
mosavau, mosuoti
mosavai, mosuoti
mosavo, mosuoti
mosavome, mosuoti
mosavote, mosuoti
mosuodavau, mosuoti
mosuodavai, mosuoti
mosuodavo, mosuoti
mosuodavome, mosuoti
mosuodavote, mosuoti
mosuosiu, mosuoti
mosuosi, mosuoti
mosuos, mosuoti
mosuosime, mosuoti
mosuosite, mosuoti
mosuočiau, mosuoti
mosuotum(ei), mosuoti
mosuotų, mosuoti
mosuotu(mė)me, mosuoti
mosuotu(mė)te, mosuoti
moti, moti
moju, moti
moji, moti
moja, moti
mojame, moti
mojate, moti
mok, moti
mokite, moti
mokime, moti
mojau, moti
mojai, moti
mojo, moti
mojome, moti
mojote, moti
modavau, moti
modavai, moti
modavo, moti
modavome, moti
modavote, moti
mosiu, moti
mosi, moti
mos, moti
mosime, moti
mosite, moti
močiau, moti
motum(ei), moti
motų, moti
motu(mė)me, moti
motu(mė)te, moti
motyvuoti, motyvuoti
motyvuoju, motyvuoti
motyvuoji, motyvuoti
motyvuoja, motyvuoti
motyvuojame, motyvuoti
motyvuojate, motyvuoti
motyvuok, motyvuoti
motyvuokite, motyvuoti
motyvuokime, motyvuoti
motyvavau, motyvuoti
motyvavai, motyvuoti
motyvavo, motyvuoti
motyvavome, motyvuoti
motyvavote, motyvuoti
motyvuodavau, motyvuoti
motyvuodavai, motyvuoti
motyvuodavo, motyvuoti
motyvuodavome, motyvuoti
motyvuodavote, motyvuoti
motyvuosiu, motyvuoti
motyvuosi, motyvuoti
motyvuos, motyvuoti
motyvuosime, motyvuoti
motyvuosite, motyvuoti
motyvuočiau, motyvuoti
motyvuotum(ei), motyvuoti
motyvuotų, motyvuoti
motyvuotu(mė)me, motyvuoti
motyvuotu(mė)te, motyvuoti
mūkti, mūkti
mūkiu, mūkti
mūki, mūkti
mūkia, mūkti
mūkiame, mūkti
mūkiate, mūkti
mūk, mūkti
mūkite, mūkti
mūkime, mūkti
mūkiau, mūkti
mūkei, mūkti
mūkė, mūkti
mūkėme, mūkti
mūkėte, mūkti
mūkdavau, mūkti
mūkdavai, mūkti
mūkdavo, mūkti
mūkdavome, mūkti
mūkdavote, mūkti
mūksiu, mūkti
mūksi, mūkti
mūks, mūkti
mūksime, mūkti
mūksite, mūkti
mūkčiau, mūkti
mūktum(ei), mūkti
mūktų, mūkti
mūktu(mė)me, mūkti
mūktu(mė)te, mūkti
murkti, murkti
murkiu, murkti
murki, murkti
murkia, murkti
murkiame, murkti
murkiate, murkti
murk, murkti
murkite, murkti
murkime, murkti
murkiau, murkti
murkei, murkti
murkė, murkti
murkėme, murkti
murkėte, murkti
murkdavau, murkti
murkdavai, murkti
murkdavo, murkti
murkdavome, murkti
murkdavote, murkti
murksiu, murkti
murksi, murkti
murks, murkti
murksime, murkti
murksite, murkti
murkčiau, murkti
murktum(ei), murkti
murktų, murkti
murktu(mė)me, murkti
murktu(mė)te, murkti
murmėti, murmėti
murmu, murmėti
murmi, murmėti
murma, murmėti
murmame, murmėti
murmate, murmėti
murmėk, murmėti
murmėkite, murmėti
murmėkime, murmėti
murmėjau, murmėti
murmėjai, murmėti
murmėjo, murmėti
murmėjome, murmėti
murmėjote, murmėti
murmėdavau, murmėti
murmėdavai, murmėti
murmėdavo, murmėti
murmėdavome, murmėti
murmėdavote, murmėti
murmėsiu, murmėti
murmėsi, murmėti
murmės, murmėti
murmėsime, murmėti
murmėsite, murmėti
murmėčiau, murmėti
murmėtum(ei), murmėti
murmėtų, murmėti
murmėtu(mė)me, murmėti
murmėtu(mė)te, murmėti
mūryti, mūryti
mūriju, mūryti
mūriji, mūryti
mūrija, mūryti
mūrijame, mūryti
mūrijate, mūryti
mūryk, mūryti
mūrykite, mūryti
mūrykime, mūryti
mūrijau, mūryti
mūrijai, mūryti
mūrijo, mūryti
mūrijome, mūryti
mūrijote, mūryti
mūrydavau, mūryti
mūrydavai, mūryti
mūrydavo, mūryti
mūrydavome, mūryti
mūrydavote, mūryti
mūrysiu, mūryti
mūrysi, mūryti
mūris, mūryti
mūrysime, mūryti
mūrysite, mūryti
mūryčiau, mūryti
mūrytum(ei), mūryti
mūrytų, mūryti
mūrytu(mė)me, mūryti
mūrytu(mė)te, mūryti
mušinėti, mušinėti
mušinėju, mušinėti
mušinėji, mušinėti
mušinėja, mušinėti
mušinėjame, mušinėti
mušinėjate, mušinėti
mušinėk, mušinėti
mušinėkite, mušinėti
mušinėkime, mušinėti
mušinėjau, mušinėti
mušinėjai, mušinėti
mušinėjo, mušinėti
mušinėjome, mušinėti
mušinėjote, mušinėti
mušinėdavau, mušinėti
mušinėdavai, mušinėti
mušinėdavo, mušinėti
mušinėdavome, mušinėti
mušinėdavote, mušinėti
mušinėsiu, mušinėti
mušinėsi, mušinėti
mušinės, mušinėti
mušinėsime, mušinėti
mušinėsite, mušinėti
mušinėčiau, mušinėti
mušinėtum(ei), mušinėti
mušinėtų, mušinėti
mušinėtu(mė)me, mušinėti
mušinėtu(mė)te, mušinėti
mušti, mušti
mušu, mušti
muši, mušti
muša, mušti
mušame, mušti
mušate, mušti
mušk, mušti
muškite, mušti
muškime, mušti
mušiau, mušti
mušei, mušti
mušė, mušti
mušėme, mušti
mušėte, mušti
mušdavau, mušti
mušdavai, mušti
mušdavo, mušti
mušdavome, mušti
mušdavote, mušti
muššiu, mušti
mušši, mušti
mušš, mušti
muššime, mušti
muššite, mušti
muščiau, mušti
muštum(ei), mušti
muštų, mušti
muštu(mė)me, mušti
muštu(mė)te, mušti
mutuoti, mutuoti
mutuoju, mutuoti
mutuoji, mutuoti
mutuoja, mutuoti
mutuojame, mutuoti
mutuojate, mutuoti
mutuok, mutuoti
mutuokite, mutuoti
mutuokime, mutuoti
mutavau, mutuoti
mutavai, mutuoti
mutavo, mutuoti
mutavome, mutuoti
mutavote, mutuoti
mutuodavau, mutuoti
mutuodavai, mutuoti
mutuodavo, mutuoti
mutuodavome, mutuoti
mutuodavote, mutuoti
mutuosiu, mutuoti
mutuosi, mutuoti
mutuos, mutuoti
mutuosime, mutuoti
mutuosite, mutuoti
mutuočiau, mutuoti
mutuotum(ei), mutuoti
mutuotų, mutuoti
mutuotu(mė)me, mutuoti
mutuotu(mė)te, mutuoti
muturiuoti, muturiuoti
muturiuoju, muturiuoti
muturiuoji, muturiuoti
muturiuoja, muturiuoti
muturiuojame, muturiuoti
muturiuojate, muturiuoti
muturiuok, muturiuoti
muturiuokite, muturiuoti
muturiuokime, muturiuoti
muturiavau, muturiuoti
muturiavai, muturiuoti
muturiavo, muturiuoti
muturiavome, muturiuoti
muturiavote, muturiuoti
muturiuodavau, muturiuoti
muturiuodavai, muturiuoti
muturiuodavo, muturiuoti
muturiuodavome, muturiuoti
muturiuodavote, muturiuoti
muturiuosiu, muturiuoti
muturiuosi, muturiuoti
muturiuos, muturiuoti
muturiuosime, muturiuoti
muturiuosite, muturiuoti
muturiuočiau, muturiuoti
muturiuotum(ei), muturiuoti
muturiuotų, muturiuoti
muturiuotu(mė)me, muturiuoti
muturiuotu(mė)te, muturiuoti
mūvėti, mūvėti
mūviu, mūvėti
mūvi, mūvėti
mūvi, mūvėti
mūvime, mūvėti
mūvite, mūvėti
mūvėk, mūvėti
mūvėkite, mūvėti
mūvėkime, mūvėti
mūvėjau, mūvėti
mūvėjai, mūvėti
mūvėjo, mūvėti
mūvėjome, mūvėti
mūvėjote, mūvėti
mūvėdavau, mūvėti
mūvėdavai, mūvėti
mūvėdavo, mūvėti
mūvėdavome, mūvėti
mūvėdavote, mūvėti
mūvėsiu, mūvėti
mūvėsi, mūvėti
mūvės, mūvėti
mūvėsime, mūvėti
mūvėsite, mūvėti
mūvėčiau, mūvėti
mūvėtum(ei), mūvėti
mūvėtų, mūvėti
mūvėtu(mė)me, mūvėti
mūvėtu(mė)te, mūvėti
mykti, mykti
mykiu, mykti
myki, mykti
mykia, mykti
mykiame, mykti
mykiate, mykti
myk, mykti
mykite, mykti
mykime, mykti
mykiau, mykti
mykei, mykti
mykė, mykti
mykėme, mykti
mykėte, mykti
mykdavau, mykti
mykdavai, mykti
mykdavo, mykti
mykdavome, mykti
mykdavote, mykti
myksiu, mykti
myksi, mykti
myks, mykti
myksime, mykti
myksite, mykti
mykčiau, mykti
myktum(ei), mykti
myktų, mykti
myktu(mė)me, mykti
myktu(mė)te, mykti
mylėti, mylėti
myliu, mylėti
myli, mylėti
myli, mylėti
mylime, mylėti
mylite, mylėti
mylėk, mylėti
mylėkite, mylėti
mylėkime, mylėti
mylėjau, mylėti
mylėjai, mylėti
mylėjo, mylėti
mylėjome, mylėti
mylėjote, mylėti
mylėdavau, mylėti
mylėdavai, mylėti
mylėdavo, mylėti
mylėdavome, mylėti
mylėdavote, mylėti
mylėsiu, mylėti
mylėsi, mylėti
mylės, mylėti
mylėsime, mylėti
mylėsite, mylėti
mylėčiau, mylėti
mylėtum(ei), mylėti
mylėtų, mylėti
mylėtu(mė)me, mylėti
mylėtu(mė)te, mylėti
myluoti, myluoti
myluoju, myluoti
myluoji, myluoti
myluoja, myluoti
myluojame, myluoti
myluojate, myluoti
myluok, myluoti
myluokite, myluoti
myluokime, myluoti
mylavau, myluoti
mylavai, myluoti
mylavo, myluoti
mylavome, myluoti
mylavote, myluoti
myluodavau, myluoti
myluodavai, myluoti
myluodavo, myluoti
myluodavome, myluoti
myluodavote, myluoti
myluosiu, myluoti
myluosi, myluoti
myluos, myluoti
myluosime, myluoti
myluosite, myluoti
myluočiau, myluoti
myluotum(ei), myluoti
myluotų, myluoti
myluotu(mė)me, myluoti
myluotu(mė)te, myluoti
myžti, myžti
myžu, myžti
myži, myžti
myža, myžti
myžame, myžti
myžate, myžti
myžk, myžti
myžkite, myžti
myžkime, myžti
myžau, myžti
myžai, myžti
myžo, myžti
myžome, myžti
myžote, myžti
myždavau, myžti
myždavai, myžti
myždavo, myžti
myždavome, myžti
myždavote, myžti
myžšiu, myžti
myžši, myžti
myžš, myžti
myžšime, myžti
myžšite, myžti
myžčiau, myžti
myžtum(ei), myžti
myžtų, myžti
myžtu(mė)me, myžti
myžtu(mė)te, myžti
nagrinėti, nagrinėti
nagrinėju, nagrinėti
nagrinėji, nagrinėti
nagrinėja, nagrinėti
nagrinėjame, nagrinėti
nagrinėjate, nagrinėti
nagrinėk, nagrinėti
nagrinėkite, nagrinėti
nagrinėkime, nagrinėti
nagrinėjau, nagrinėti
nagrinėjai, nagrinėti
nagrinėjo, nagrinėti
nagrinėjome, nagrinėti
nagrinėjote, nagrinėti
nagrinėdavau, nagrinėti
nagrinėdavai, nagrinėti
nagrinėdavo, nagrinėti
nagrinėdavome, nagrinėti
nagrinėdavote, nagrinėti
nagrinėsiu, nagrinėti
nagrinėsi, nagrinėti
nagrinės, nagrinėti
nagrinėsime, nagrinėti
nagrinėsite, nagrinėti
nagrinėčiau, nagrinėti
nagrinėtum(ei), nagrinėti
nagrinėtų, nagrinėti
nagrinėtu(mė)me, nagrinėti
nagrinėtu(mė)te, nagrinėti
naikinti, naikinti
naikinu, naikinti
naikini, naikinti
naikina, naikinti
naikiname, naikinti
naikinate, naikinti
naikink, naikinti
naikinkite, naikinti
naikinkime, naikinti
naikinau, naikinti
naikinai, naikinti
naikino, naikinti
naikinome, naikinti
naikinote, naikinti
naikindavau, naikinti
naikindavai, naikinti
naikindavo, naikinti
naikindavome, naikinti
naikindavote, naikinti
naikinsiu, naikinti
naikinsi, naikinti
naikins, naikinti
naikinsime, naikinti
naikinsite, naikinti
naikinčiau, naikinti
naikintum(ei), naikinti
naikintų, naikinti
naikintu(mė)me, naikinti
naikintu(mė)te, naikinti
nakvoti, nakvoti
nakvoju, nakvoti
nakvoji, nakvoti
nakvoja, nakvoti
nakvojame, nakvoti
nakvojate, nakvoti
nakvok, nakvoti
nakvokite, nakvoti
nakvokime, nakvoti
nakvojau, nakvoti
nakvojai, nakvoti
nakvojo, nakvoti
nakvojome, nakvoti
nakvojote, nakvoti
nakvodavau, nakvoti
nakvodavai, nakvoti
nakvodavo, nakvoti
nakvodavome, nakvoti
nakvodavote, nakvoti
nakvosiu, nakvoti
nakvosi, nakvoti
nakvos, nakvoti
nakvosime, nakvoti
nakvosite, nakvoti
nakvočiau, nakvoti
nakvotum(ei), nakvoti
nakvotų, nakvoti
nakvotu(mė)me, nakvoti
nakvotu(mė)te, nakvoti
nardyti, nardyti
nardžau, nardyti
nardai, nardyti
nardo, nardyti
nardome, nardyti
nardote, nardyti
nardyk, nardyti
nardykite, nardyti
nardykime, nardyti
nardei, nardyti
nardė, nardyti
nardėme, nardyti
nardėte, nardyti
nardydavau, nardyti
nardydavai, nardyti
nardydavo, nardyti
nardydavome, nardyti
nardydavote, nardyti
nardysiu, nardyti
nardysi, nardyti
nardys, nardyti
nardysime, nardyti
nardysite, nardyti
nardyčiau, nardyti
nardytum(ei), nardyti
nardytų, nardyti
nardytu(mė)me, nardyti
nardytu(mė)te, nardyti
narplioti, narplioti
narplioju, narplioti
narplioji, narplioti
narplioja, narplioti
narpliojame, narplioti
narpliojate, narplioti
narpliok, narplioti
narpliokite, narplioti
narpliokime, narplioti
narpliojau, narplioti
narpliojai, narplioti
narpliojo, narplioti
narpliojome, narplioti
narpliojote, narplioti
narpliodavau, narplioti
narpliodavai, narplioti
narpliodavo, narplioti
narpliodavome, narplioti
narpliodavote, narplioti
narpliosiu, narplioti
narpliosi, narplioti
narplios, narplioti
narpliosime, narplioti
narpliosite, narplioti
narpliočiau, narplioti
narpliotum(ei), narplioti
narpliotų, narplioti
narpliotu(mė)me, narplioti
narpliotu(mė)te, narplioti
narstyti, narstyti
narstau, narstyti
narstai, narstyti
narsto, narstyti
narstome, narstyti
narstote, narstyti
narstyk, narstyti
narstykite, narstyti
narstykime, narstyti
narstei, narstyti
narstė, narstyti
narstėme, narstyti
narstėte, narstyti
narstydavau, narstyti
narstydavai, narstyti
narstydavo, narstyti
narstydavome, narstyti
narstydavote, narstyti
narstysiu, narstyti
narstysi, narstyti
narstys, narstyti
narstysime, narstyti
narstysite, narstyti
narstyčiau, narstyti
narstytum(ei), narstyti
narstytų, narstyti
narstytu(mė)me, narstyti
narstytu(mė)te, narstyti
naršyti, naršyti
naršau, naršyti
naršai, naršyti
naršo, naršyti
naršome, naršyti
naršote, naršyti
naršyk, naršyti
naršykite, naršyti
naršykime, naršyti
naršiau, naršyti
naršei, naršyti
naršė, naršyti
naršėme, naršyti
naršėte, naršyti
naršydavau, naršyti
naršydavai, naršyti
naršydavo, naršyti
naršydavome, naršyti
naršydavote, naršyti
naršysiu, naršyti
naršysi, naršyti
naršys, naršyti
naršysime, naršyti
naršysite, naršyti
naršyčiau, naršyti
naršytum(ei), naršyti
naršytų, naršyti
naršytu(mė)me, naršyti
naršytu(mė)te, naršyti
naudoti, naudoti
naudoju, naudoti
naudoji, naudoti
naudoja, naudoti
naudojame, naudoti
naudojate, naudoti
naudok, naudoti
naudokite, naudoti
naudokime, naudoti
naudojau, naudoti
naudojai, naudoti
naudojo, naudoti
naudojome, naudoti
naudojote, naudoti
naudodavau, naudoti
naudodavai, naudoti
naudodavo, naudoti
naudodavome, naudoti
naudodavote, naudoti
naudosiu, naudoti
naudosi, naudoti
naudos, naudoti
naudosime, naudoti
naudosite, naudoti
naudočiau, naudoti
naudotum(ei), naudoti
naudotų, naudoti
naudotu(mė)me, naudoti
naudotu(mė)te, naudoti
naujinti, naujinti
naujinu, naujinti
naujini, naujinti
naujina, naujinti
naujiname, naujinti
naujinate, naujinti
naujink, naujinti
naujinkite, naujinti
naujinkime, naujinti
naujinau, naujinti
naujinai, naujinti
naujino, naujinti
naujinome, naujinti
naujinote, naujinti
naujindavau, naujinti
naujindavai, naujinti
naujindavo, naujinti
naujindavome, naujinti
naujindavote, naujinti
naujinsiu, naujinti
naujinsi, naujinti
naujins, naujinti
naujinsime, naujinti
naujinsite, naujinti
naujinčiau, naujinti
naujintum(ei), naujinti
naujintų, naujinti
naujintu(mė)me, naujinti
naujintu(mė)te, naujinti
neabejoti, neabejoti
neabejoju, neabejoti
neabejoji, neabejoti
neabejoja, neabejoti
neabejojame, neabejoti
neabejojate, neabejoti
neabejok, neabejoti
neabejokite, neabejoti
neabejokime, neabejoti
neabejojau, neabejoti
neabejojai, neabejoti
neabejojo, neabejoti
neabejojome, neabejoti
neabejojote, neabejoti
neabejodavau, neabejoti
neabejodavai, neabejoti
neabejodavo, neabejoti
neabejodavome, neabejoti
neabejodavote, neabejoti
neabejosiu, neabejoti
neabejosi, neabejoti
neabejos, neabejoti
neabejosime, neabejoti
neabejosite, neabejoti
neabejočiau, neabejoti
neabejotum(ei), neabejoti
neabejotų, neabejoti
neabejotu(mė)me, neabejoti
neabejotu(mė)te, neabejoti
neigti, neigti
neigiu, neigti
neigi, neigti
neigia, neigti
neigiame, neigti
neigiate, neigti
neik, neigti
neikite, neigti
neikime, neigti
neigiau, neigti
neigei, neigti
neigė, neigti
neigėme, neigti
neigėte, neigti
neigdavau, neigti
neigdavai, neigti
neigdavo, neigti
neigdavome, neigti
neigdavote, neigti
neigsiu, neigti
neigsi, neigti
neigs, neigti
neigsime, neigti
neigsite, neigti
neigčiau, neigti
neigtum(ei), neigti
neigtų, neigti
neigtu(mė)me, neigti
neigtu(mė)te, neigti
nekantrauti, nekantrauti
nekantrauju, nekantrauti
nekantrauji, nekantrauti
nekantrauja, nekantrauti
nekantraujame, nekantrauti
nekantraujate, nekantrauti
nekantrauk, nekantrauti
nekantraukite, nekantrauti
nekantraukime, nekantrauti
nekantravau, nekantrauti
nekantravai, nekantrauti
nekantravo, nekantrauti
nekantravome, nekantrauti
nekantravote, nekantrauti
nekantraudavau, nekantrauti
nekantraudavai, nekantrauti
nekantraudavo, nekantrauti
nekantraudavome, nekantrauti
nekantraudavote, nekantrauti
nekantrausiu, nekantrauti
nekantrausi, nekantrauti
nekantraus, nekantrauti
nekantrausime, nekantrauti
nekantrausite, nekantrauti
nekantraučiau, nekantrauti
nekantrautum(ei), nekantrauti
nekantrautų, nekantrauti
nekantrautu(mė)me, nekantrauti
nekantrautu(mė)te, nekantrauti
nekęsti, nekęsti
nekenčiu, nekęsti
nekenči, nekęsti
nekenčia, nekęsti
nekenčiame, nekęsti
nekenčiate, nekęsti
nekęsk, nekęsti
nekęskite, nekęsti
nekęskime, nekęsti
nekentei, nekęsti
nekentė, nekęsti
nekentėme, nekęsti
nekentėte, nekęsti
nekęsdavau, nekęsti
nekęsdavai, nekęsti
nekęsdavo, nekęsti
nekęsdavome, nekęsti
nekęsdavote, nekęsti
nekęsiu, nekęsti
nekęsi, nekęsti
nekęs, nekęsti
nekęsime, nekęsti
nekęsite, nekęsti
nekęsčiau, nekęsti
nekęstum(ei), nekęsti
nekęstų, nekęsti
nekęstu(mė)me, nekęsti
nekęstu(mė)te, nekęsti
paisyti, paisyti
paisau, paisyti
paisai, paisyti
paiso, paisyti
paisome, paisyti
paisote, paisyti
paisyk, paisyti
paisykite, paisyti
paisykime, paisyti
paisiau, paisyti
paisei, paisyti
paisė, paisyti
paisėme, paisyti
paisėte, paisyti
paisydavau, paisyti
paisydavai, paisyti
paisydavo, paisyti
paisydavome, paisyti
paisydavote, paisyti
paisysiu, paisyti
paisysi, paisyti
paisys, paisyti
paisysime, paisyti
paisysite, paisyti
paisyčiau, paisyti
paisytum(ei), paisyti
paisytų, paisyti
paisytu(mė)me, paisyti
paisytu(mė)te, paisyti
nerimauti, nerimauti
nerimauju, nerimauti
nerimauji, nerimauti
nerimauja, nerimauti
nerimaujame, nerimauti
nerimaujate, nerimauti
nerimauk, nerimauti
nerimaukite, nerimauti
nerimaukime, nerimauti
nerimavau, nerimauti
nerimavai, nerimauti
nerimavo, nerimauti
nerimavome, nerimauti
nerimavote, nerimauti
nerimaudavau, nerimauti
nerimaudavai, nerimauti
nerimaudavo, nerimauti
nerimaudavome, nerimauti
nerimaudavote, nerimauti
nerimausiu, nerimauti
nerimausi, nerimauti
nerimaus, nerimauti
nerimausime, nerimauti
nerimausite, nerimauti
nerimaučiau, nerimauti
nerimautum(ei), nerimauti
nerimautų, nerimauti
nerimautu(mė)me, nerimauti
nerimautu(mė)te, nerimauti
neršti, neršti
neršiu, neršti
nerši, neršti
neršia, neršti
neršiame, neršti
neršiate, neršti
neršk, neršti
nerškite, neršti
nerškime, neršti
neršiau, neršti
neršei, neršti
neršė, neršti
neršėme, neršti
neršėte, neršti
neršdavau, neršti
neršdavai, neršti
neršdavo, neršti
neršdavome, neršti
neršdavote, neršti
nerššiu, neršti
neršši, neršti
neršš, neršti
nerššime, neršti
nerššite, neršti
nerščiau, neršti
nerštum(ei), neršti
nerštų, neršti
nerštu(mė)me, neršti
nerštu(mė)te, neršti
nerti, nerti
neriu, nerti
neri, nerti
neria, nerti
neriame, nerti
neriate, nerti
nerk, nerti
nerkite, nerti
nerkime, nerti
nėriau, nerti
nėrei, nerti
nėrė, nerti
nėrėme, nerti
nėrėte, nerti
nerdavau, nerti
nerdavai, nerti
nerdavo, nerti
nerdavome, nerti
nerdavote, nerti
nersiu, nerti
nersi, nerti
ners, nerti
nersime, nerti
nersite, nerti
nerčiau, nerti
nertum(ei), nerti
nertų, nerti
nertu(mė)me, nerti
nertu(mė)te, nerti
nervinti, nervinti
nervinu, nervinti
nervini, nervinti
nervina, nervinti
nerviname, nervinti
nervinate, nervinti
nervink, nervinti
nervinkite, nervinti
nervinkime, nervinti
nervinau, nervinti
nervinai, nervinti
nervino, nervinti
nervinome, nervinti
nervinote, nervinti
nervindavau, nervinti
nervindavai, nervinti
nervindavo, nervinti
nervindavome, nervinti
nervindavote, nervinti
nervinsiu, nervinti
nervinsi, nervinti
nervins, nervinti
nervinsime, nervinti
nervinsite, nervinti
nervinčiau, nervinti
nervintum(ei), nervinti
nervintų, nervinti
nervintu(mė)me, nervinti
nervintu(mė)te, nervinti
nėšėti, nėšėti
nėšiu, nėšėti
nėši, nėšėti
nėši, nėšėti
nėšime, nėšėti
nėšite, nėšėti
nėšėk, nėšėti
nėšėkite, nėšėti
nėšėkime, nėšėti
nėšėjau, nėšėti
nėšėjai, nėšėti
nėšėjo, nėšėti
nėšėjome, nėšėti
nėšėjote, nėšėti
nėšėdavau, nėšėti
nėšėdavai, nėšėti
nėšėdavo, nėšėti
nėšėdavome, nėšėti
nėšėdavote, nėšėti
nėšėsiu, nėšėti
nėšėsi, nėšėti
nėšės, nėšėti
nėšėsime, nėšėti
nėšėsite, nėšėti
nėšėčiau, nėšėti
nėšėtum(ei), nėšėti
nėšėtų, nėšėti
nėšėtu(mė)me, nėšėti
nėšėtu(mė)te, nėšėti
nešioti, nešioti
nešioju, nešioti
nešioji, nešioti
nešioja, nešioti
nešiojame, nešioti
nešiojate, nešioti
nešiok, nešioti
nešiokite, nešioti
nešiokime, nešioti
nešiojau, nešioti
nešiojai, nešioti
nešiojo, nešioti
nešiojome, nešioti
nešiojote, nešioti
nešiodavau, nešioti
nešiodavai, nešioti
nešiodavo, nešioti
nešiodavome, nešioti
nešiodavote, nešioti
nešiosiu, nešioti
nešiosi, nešioti
nešios, nešioti
nešiosime, nešioti
nešiosite, nešioti
nešiočiau, nešioti
nešiotum(ei), nešioti
nešiotų, nešioti
nešiotu(mė)me, nešioti
nešiotu(mė)te, nešioti
nešti, nešti
nešu, nešti
neši, nešti
neša, nešti
nešame, nešti
nešate, nešti
nešk, nešti
neškite, nešti
neškime, nešti
nešiau, nešti
nešei, nešti
nešė, nešti
nešėme, nešti
nešėte, nešti
nešdavau, nešti
nešdavai, nešti
nešdavo, nešti
nešdavome, nešti
nešdavote, nešti
neššiu, nešti
nešši, nešti
nešš, nešti
neššime, nešti
neššite, nešti
neščiau, nešti
neštum(ei), nešti
neštų, nešti
neštu(mė)me, nešti
neštu(mė)te, nešti
niekinti, niekinti
niekinu, niekinti
niekini, niekinti
niekina, niekinti
niekiname, niekinti
niekinate, niekinti
niekink, niekinti
niekinkite, niekinti
niekinkime, niekinti
niekinau, niekinti
niekinai, niekinti
niekino, niekinti
niekinome, niekinti
niekinote, niekinti
niekindavau, niekinti
niekindavai, niekinti
niekindavo, niekinti
niekindavome, niekinti
niekindavote, niekinti
niekinsiu, niekinti
niekinsi, niekinti
niekins, niekinti
niekinsime, niekinti
niekinsite, niekinti
niekinčiau, niekinti
niekintum(ei), niekinti
niekintų, niekinti
niekintu(mė)me, niekinti
niekintu(mė)te, niekinti
niežėti, niežėti
niežtiu, niežėti
niežti, niežėti
niežti, niežėti
niežtime, niežėti
niežtite, niežėti
niežėk, niežėti
niežėkite, niežėti
niežėkime, niežėti
niežėjau, niežėti
niežėjai, niežėti
niežėjo, niežėti
niežėjome, niežėti
niežėjote, niežėti
niežėdavau, niežėti
niežėdavai, niežėti
niežėdavo, niežėti
niežėdavome, niežėti
niežėdavote, niežėti
niežėsiu, niežėti
niežėsi, niežėti
niežės, niežėti
niežėsime, niežėti
niežėsite, niežėti
niežėčiau, niežėti
niežėtum(ei), niežėti
niežėtų, niežėti
niežėtu(mė)me, niežėti
niežėtu(mė)te, niežėti
niokti, niokti
niokiu, niokti
nioki, niokti
niokia, niokti
niokiame, niokti
niokiate, niokti
niok, niokti
niokite, niokti
niokime, niokti
niokiau, niokti
niokei, niokti
niokė, niokti
niokėme, niokti
niokėte, niokti
niokdavau, niokti
niokdavai, niokti
niokdavo, niokti
niokdavome, niokti
niokdavote, niokti
nioksiu, niokti
nioksi, niokti
nioks, niokti
nioksime, niokti
nioksite, niokti
niokčiau, niokti
nioktum(ei), niokti
nioktų, niokti
nioktu(mė)me, niokti
nioktu(mė)te, niokti
niršti, niršti
nirštu, niršti
niršti, niršti
niršta, niršti
nirštame, niršti
nirštate, niršti
niršk, niršti
nirškite, niršti
nirškime, niršti
niršau, niršti
niršai, niršti
niršo, niršti
niršome, niršti
niršote, niršti
niršdavau, niršti
niršdavai, niršti
niršdavo, niršti
niršdavome, niršti
niršdavote, niršti
nirššiu, niršti
niršši, niršti
niršš, niršti
nirššime, niršti
nirššite, niršti
nirščiau, niršti
nirštum(ei), niršti
nirštų, niršti
nirštu(mė)me, niršti
nirštu(mė)te, niršti
niūniuoti, niūniuoti
niūniuoju, niūniuoti
niūniuoji, niūniuoti
niūniuoja, niūniuoti
niūniuojame, niūniuoti
niūniuojate, niūniuoti
niūniuok, niūniuoti
niūniuokite, niūniuoti
niūniuokime, niūniuoti
niūniavau, niūniuoti
niūniavai, niūniuoti
niūniavo, niūniuoti
niūniavome, niūniuoti
niūniavote, niūniuoti
niūniuodavau, niūniuoti
niūniuodavai, niūniuoti
niūniuodavo, niūniuoti
niūniuodavome, niūniuoti
niūniuodavote, niūniuoti
niūniuosiu, niūniuoti
niūniuosi, niūniuoti
niūniuos, niūniuoti
niūniuosime, niūniuoti
niūniuosite, niūniuoti
niūniuočiau, niūniuoti
niūniuotum(ei), niūniuoti
niūniuotų, niūniuoti
niūniuotu(mė)me, niūniuoti
niūniuotu(mė)te, niūniuoti
nokti, nokti
nokstu, nokti
noksti, nokti
noksta, nokti
nokstame, nokti
nokstate, nokti
nok, nokti
nokite, nokti
nokime, nokti
nokau, nokti
nokai, nokti
noko, nokti
nokome, nokti
nokote, nokti
nokdavau, nokti
nokdavai, nokti
nokdavo, nokti
nokdavome, nokti
nokdavote, nokti
noksiu, nokti
noksi, nokti
noks, nokti
noksime, nokti
noksite, nokti
nokčiau, nokti
noktum(ei), nokti
noktų, nokti
noktu(mė)me, nokti
noktu(mė)te, nokti
nominuoti, nominuoti
nominuoju, nominuoti
nominuoji, nominuoti
nominuoja, nominuoti
nominuojame, nominuoti
nominuojate, nominuoti
nominuok, nominuoti
nominuokite, nominuoti
nominuokime, nominuoti
nominavau, nominuoti
nominavai, nominuoti
nominavo, nominuoti
nominavome, nominuoti
nominavote, nominuoti
nominuodavau, nominuoti
nominuodavai, nominuoti
nominuodavo, nominuoti
nominuodavome, nominuoti
nominuodavote, nominuoti
nominuosiu, nominuoti
nominuosi, nominuoti
nominuos, nominuoti
nominuosime, nominuoti
nominuosite, nominuoti
nominuočiau, nominuoti
nominuotum(ei), nominuoti
nominuotų, nominuoti
nominuotu(mė)me, nominuoti
nominuotu(mė)te, nominuoti
norėti, norėti
noriu, norėti
nori, norėti
nori, norėti
norime, norėti
norite, norėti
norėk, norėti
norėkite, norėti
norėkime, norėti
norėjau, norėti
norėjai, norėti
norėjo, norėti
norėjome, norėti
norėjote, norėti
norėdavau, norėti
norėdavai, norėti
norėdavo, norėti
norėdavome, norėti
norėdavote, norėti
norėsiu, norėti
norėsi, norėti
norės, norėti
norėsime, norėti
norėsite, norėti
norėčiau, norėti
norėtum(ei), norėti
norėtų, norėti
norėtu(mė)me, norėti
norėtu(mė)te, norėti
nykti, nykti
nykstu, nykti
nyksti, nykti
nyksta, nykti
nykstame, nykti
nykstate, nykti
nyk, nykti
nykite, nykti
nykime, nykti
nykau, nykti
nykai, nykti
nyko, nykti
nykome, nykti
nykote, nykti
nykdavau, nykti
nykdavai, nykti
nykdavo, nykti
nykdavome, nykti
nykdavote, nykti
nyksiu, nykti
nyksi, nykti
nyks, nykti
nyksime, nykti
nyksite, nykti
nykčiau, nykti
nyktum(ei), nykti
nyktų, nykti
nyktu(mė)me, nykti
nyktu(mė)te, nykti
obliuoti, obliuoti
obliuoju, obliuoti
obliuoji, obliuoti
obliuoja, obliuoti
obliuojame, obliuoti
obliuojate, obliuoti
obliuok, obliuoti
obliuokite, obliuoti
obliuokime, obliuoti
obliavau, obliuoti
obliavai, obliuoti
obliavo, obliuoti
obliavome, obliuoti
obliavote, obliuoti
obliuodavau, obliuoti
obliuodavai, obliuoti
obliuodavo, obliuoti
obliuodavome, obliuoti
obliuodavote, obliuoti
obliuosiu, obliuoti
obliuosi, obliuoti
obliuos, obliuoti
obliuosime, obliuoti
obliuosite, obliuoti
obliuočiau, obliuoti
obliuotum(ei), obliuoti
obliuotų, obliuoti
obliuotu(mė)me, obliuoti
obliuotu(mė)te, obliuoti
obuoliauti, obuoliauti
obuoliauju, obuoliauti
obuoliauji, obuoliauti
obuoliauja, obuoliauti
obuoliaujame, obuoliauti
obuoliaujate, obuoliauti
obuoliauk, obuoliauti
obuoliaukite, obuoliauti
obuoliaukime, obuoliauti
obuoliavau, obuoliauti
obuoliavai, obuoliauti
obuoliavo, obuoliauti
obuoliavome, obuoliauti
obuoliavote, obuoliauti
obuoliaudavau, obuoliauti
obuoliaudavai, obuoliauti
obuoliaudavo, obuoliauti
obuoliaudavome, obuoliauti
obuoliaudavote, obuoliauti
obuoliausiu, obuoliauti
obuoliausi, obuoliauti
obuoliaus, obuoliauti
obuoliausime, obuoliauti
obuoliausite, obuoliauti
obuoliaučiau, obuoliauti
obuoliautum(ei), obuoliauti
obuoliautų, obuoliauti
obuoliautu(mė)me, obuoliauti
obuoliautu(mė)te, obuoliauti
okupuoti, okupuoti
okupuoju, okupuoti
okupuoji, okupuoti
okupuoja, okupuoti
okupuojame, okupuoti
okupuojate, okupuoti
okupuok, okupuoti
okupuokite, okupuoti
okupuokime, okupuoti
okupavau, okupuoti
okupavai, okupuoti
okupavo, okupuoti
okupavome, okupuoti
okupavote, okupuoti
okupuodavau, okupuoti
okupuodavai, okupuoti
okupuodavo, okupuoti
okupuodavome, okupuoti
okupuodavote, okupuoti
okupuosiu, okupuoti
okupuosi, okupuoti
okupuos, okupuoti
okupuosime, okupuoti
okupuosite, okupuoti
okupuočiau, okupuoti
okupuotum(ei), okupuoti
okupuotų, okupuoti
okupuotu(mė)me, okupuoti
okupuotu(mė)te, okupuoti
organizuoti, organizuoti
organizuoju, organizuoti
organizuoji, organizuoti
organizuoja, organizuoti
organizuojame, organizuoti
organizuojate, organizuoti
organizuok, organizuoti
organizuokite, organizuoti
organizuokime, organizuoti
organizavau, organizuoti
organizavai, organizuoti
organizavo, organizuoti
organizavome, organizuoti
organizavote, organizuoti
organizuodavau, organizuoti
organizuodavai, organizuoti
organizuodavo, organizuoti
organizuodavome, organizuoti
organizuodavote, organizuoti
organizuosiu, organizuoti
organizuosi, organizuoti
organizuos, organizuoti
organizuosime, organizuoti
organizuosite, organizuoti
organizuočiau, organizuoti
organizuotum(ei), organizuoti
organizuotų, organizuoti
organizuotu(mė)me, organizuoti
organizuotu(mė)te, organizuoti
orientuoti, orientuoti
orientuoju, orientuoti
orientuoji, orientuoti
orientuoja, orientuoti
orientuojame, orientuoti
orientuojate, orientuoti
orientuok, orientuoti
orientuokite, orientuoti
orientuokime, orientuoti
orientavau, orientuoti
orientavai, orientuoti
orientavo, orientuoti
orientavome, orientuoti
orientavote, orientuoti
orientuodavau, orientuoti
orientuodavai, orientuoti
orientuodavo, orientuoti
orientuodavome, orientuoti
orientuodavote, orientuoti
orientuosiu, orientuoti
orientuosi, orientuoti
orientuos, orientuoti
orientuosime, orientuoti
orientuosite, orientuoti
orientuočiau, orientuoti
orientuotum(ei), orientuoti
orientuotų, orientuoti
orientuotu(mė)me, orientuoti
orientuotu(mė)te, orientuoti
ošti, ošti
ošiu, ošti
oši, ošti
ošia, ošti
ošiame, ošti
ošiate, ošti
ošk, ošti
oškite, ošti
oškime, ošti
ošiau, ošti
ošei, ošti
ošė, ošti
ošėme, ošti
ošėte, ošti
ošdavau, ošti
ošdavai, ošti
ošdavo, ošti
ošdavome, ošti
ošdavote, ošti
oššiu, ošti
ošši, ošti
ošš, ošti
oššime, ošti
oššite, ošti
oščiau, ošti
oštum(ei), ošti
oštų, ošti
oštu(mė)me, ošti
oštu(mė)te, ošti
pėdinti, pėdinti
pėdinu, pėdinti
pėdini, pėdinti
pėdina, pėdinti
pėdiname, pėdinti
pėdinate, pėdinti
pėdink, pėdinti
pėdinkite, pėdinti
pėdinkime, pėdinti
pėdinau, pėdinti
pėdinai, pėdinti
pėdino, pėdinti
pėdinome, pėdinti
pėdinote, pėdinti
pėdindavau, pėdinti
pėdindavai, pėdinti
pėdindavo, pėdinti
pėdindavome, pėdinti
pėdindavote, pėdinti
pėdinsiu, pėdinti
pėdinsi, pėdinti
pėdins, pėdinti
pėdinsime, pėdinti
pėdinsite, pėdinti
pėdinčiau, pėdinti
pėdintum(ei), pėdinti
pėdintų, pėdinti
pėdintu(mė)me, pėdinti
pėdintu(mė)te, pėdinti
peikti, peikti
peikiu, peikti
peiki, peikti
peikia, peikti
peikiame, peikti
peikiate, peikti
peik, peikti
peikite, peikti
peikime, peikti
peikiau, peikti
peikei, peikti
peikė, peikti
peikėme, peikti
peikėte, peikti
peikdavau, peikti
peikdavai, peikti
peikdavo, peikti
peikdavome, peikti
peikdavote, peikti
peiksiu, peikti
peiksi, peikti
peiks, peikti
peiksime, peikti
peiksite, peikti
peikčiau, peikti
peiktum(ei), peikti
peiktų, peikti
peiktu(mė)me, peikti
peiktu(mė)te, peikti
pelnyti, pelnyti
pelnau, pelnyti
pelnai, pelnyti
pelno, pelnyti
pelnome, pelnyti
pelnote, pelnyti
pelnyk, pelnyti
pelnykite, pelnyti
pelnykime, pelnyti
pelniau, pelnyti
pelnei, pelnyti
pelnė, pelnyti
pelnėme, pelnyti
pelnėte, pelnyti
pelnydavau, pelnyti
pelnydavai, pelnyti
pelnydavo, pelnyti
pelnydavome, pelnyti
pelnydavote, pelnyti
pelnysiu, pelnyti
pelnysi, pelnyti
pelnys, pelnyti
pelnysime, pelnyti
pelnysite, pelnyti
pelnyčiau, pelnyti
pelnytum(ei), pelnyti
pelnytų, pelnyti
pelnytu(mė)me, pelnyti
pelnytu(mė)te, pelnyti
pešioti, pešioti
pešioju, pešioti
pešioji, pešioti
pešioja, pešioti
pešiojame, pešioti
pešiojate, pešioti
pešiok, pešioti
pešiokite, pešioti
pešiokime, pešioti
pešiojau, pešioti
pešiojai, pešioti
pešiojo, pešioti
pešiojome, pešioti
pešiojote, pešioti
pešiodavau, pešioti
pešiodavai, pešioti
pešiodavo, pešioti
pešiodavome, pešioti
pešiodavote, pešioti
pešiosiu, pešioti
pešiosi, pešioti
pešios, pešioti
pešiosime, pešioti
pešiosite, pešioti
pešiočiau, pešioti
pešiotum(ei), pešioti
pešiotų, pešioti
pešiotu(mė)me, pešioti
pešiotu(mė)te, pešioti
pešti, pešti
pešu, pešti
peši, pešti
peša, pešti
pešame, pešti
pešate, pešti
pešk, pešti
peškite, pešti
peškime, pešti
pešiau, pešti
pešei, pešti
pešė, pešti
pešėme, pešti
pešėte, pešti
pešdavau, pešti
pešdavai, pešti
pešdavo, pešti
pešdavome, pešti
pešdavote, pešti
peššiu, pešti
pešši, pešti
pešš, pešti
peššime, pešti
peššite, pešti
peščiau, pešti
peštum(ei), pešti
peštų, pešti
peštu(mė)me, pešti
peštu(mė)te, pešti
piesti, piesti
piečiu, piesti
pieči, piesti
piečia, piesti
piečiame, piesti
piečiate, piesti
piesk, piesti
pieskite, piesti
pieskime, piesti
pietei, piesti
pietė, piesti
pietėme, piesti
pietėte, piesti
piesdavau, piesti
piesdavai, piesti
piesdavo, piesti
piesdavome, piesti
piesdavote, piesti
piesiu, piesti
piesi, piesti
pies, piesti
piesime, piesti
piesite, piesti
piesčiau, piesti
piestum(ei), piesti
piestų, piesti
piestu(mė)me, piesti
piestu(mė)te, piesti
piešti, piešti
piešiu, piešti
pieši, piešti
piešia, piešti
piešiame, piešti
piešiate, piešti
piešk, piešti
pieškite, piešti
pieškime, piešti
piešiau, piešti
piešei, piešti
piešė, piešti
piešėme, piešti
piešėte, piešti
piešdavau, piešti
piešdavai, piešti
piešdavo, piešti
piešdavome, piešti
piešdavote, piešti
pieššiu, piešti
piešši, piešti
piešš, piešti
pieššime, piešti
pieššite, piešti
pieščiau, piešti
pieštum(ei), piešti
pieštų, piešti
pieštu(mė)me, piešti
pieštu(mė)te, piešti
pietauti, pietauti
pietauju, pietauti
pietauji, pietauti
pietauja, pietauti
pietaujame, pietauti
pietaujate, pietauti
pietauk, pietauti
pietaukite, pietauti
pietaukime, pietauti
pietavau, pietauti
pietavai, pietauti
pietavo, pietauti
pietavome, pietauti
pietavote, pietauti
pietaudavau, pietauti
pietaudavai, pietauti
pietaudavo, pietauti
pietaudavome, pietauti
pietaudavote, pietauti
pietausiu, pietauti
pietausi, pietauti
pietaus, pietauti
pietausime, pietauti
pietausite, pietauti
pietaučiau, pietauti
pietautum(ei), pietauti
pietautų, pietauti
pietautu(mė)me, pietauti
pietautu(mė)te, pietauti
pigti, pigti
pingu, pigti
pingi, pigti
pinga, pigti
pingame, pigti
pingate, pigti
pik, pigti
pikite, pigti
pikime, pigti
pigau, pigti
pigai, pigti
pigo, pigti
pigome, pigti
pigote, pigti
pigdavau, pigti
pigdavai, pigti
pigdavo, pigti
pigdavome, pigti
pigdavote, pigti
pigsiu, pigti
pigsi, pigti
pigs, pigti
pigsime, pigti
pigsite, pigti
pigčiau, pigti
pigtum(ei), pigti
pigtų, pigti
pigtu(mė)me, pigti
pigtu(mė)te, pigti
piktinti, piktinti
piktinu, piktinti
piktini, piktinti
piktina, piktinti
piktiname, piktinti
piktinate, piktinti
piktink, piktinti
piktinkite, piktinti
piktinkime, piktinti
piktinau, piktinti
piktinai, piktinti
piktino, piktinti
piktinome, piktinti
piktinote, piktinti
piktindavau, piktinti
piktindavai, piktinti
piktindavo, piktinti
piktindavome, piktinti
piktindavote, piktinti
piktinsiu, piktinti
piktinsi, piktinti
piktins, piktinti
piktinsime, piktinti
piktinsite, piktinti
piktinčiau, piktinti
piktintum(ei), piktinti
piktintų, piktinti
piktintu(mė)me, piktinti
piktintu(mė)te, piktinti
piktnaudžiauti, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiauju, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiauji, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiauja, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaujame, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaujate, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiauk, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaukite, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaukime, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiavau, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiavai, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiavo, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiavome, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiavote, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaudavau, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaudavai, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaudavo, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaudavome, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaudavote, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiausiu, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiausi, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaus, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiausime, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiausite, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiaučiau, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiautum(ei), piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiautų, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiautu(mė)me, piktnaudžiauti
piktnaudžiautu(mė)te, piktnaudžiauti
pildyti, pildyti
pildžau, pildyti
pildai, pildyti
pildo, pildyti
pildome, pildyti
pildote, pildyti
pildyk, pildyti
pildykite, pildyti
pildykime, pildyti
pildei, pildyti
pildė, pildyti
pildėme, pildyti
pildėte, pildyti
pildydavau, pildyti
pildydavai, pildyti
pildydavo, pildyti
pildydavome, pildyti
pildydavote, pildyti
pildysiu, pildyti
pildysi, pildyti
pildys, pildyti
pildysime, pildyti
pildysite, pildyti
pildyčiau, pildyti
pildytum(ei), pildyti
pildytų, pildyti
pildytu(mė)me, pildyti
pildytu(mė)te, pildyti
pilkuoti, pilkuoti
pilkuoju, pilkuoti
pilkuoji, pilkuoti
pilkuoja, pilkuoti
pilkuojame, pilkuoti
pilkuojate, pilkuoti
pilkuok, pilkuoti
pilkuokite, pilkuoti
pilkuokime, pilkuoti
pilkavau, pilkuoti
pilkavai, pilkuoti
pilkavo, pilkuoti
pilkavome, pilkuoti
pilkavote, pilkuoti
pilkuodavau, pilkuoti
pilkuodavai, pilkuoti
pilkuodavo, pilkuoti
pilkuodavome, pilkuoti
pilkuodavote, pilkuoti
pilkuosiu, pilkuoti
pilkuosi, pilkuoti
pilkuos, pilkuoti
pilkuosime, pilkuoti
pilkuosite, pilkuoti
pilkuočiau, pilkuoti
pilkuotum(ei), pilkuoti
pilkuotų, pilkuoti
pilkuotu(mė)me, pilkuoti
pilkuotu(mė)te, pilkuoti
pilti, pilti
pilu, pilti
pili, pilti
pila, pilti
pilame, pilti
pilate, pilti
pilk, pilti
pilkite, pilti
pilkime, pilti
pyliau, pilti
pylei, pilti
pylė, pilti
pylėme, pilti
pylėte, pilti
pildavau, pilti
pildavai, pilti
pildavo, pilti
pildavome, pilti
pildavote, pilti
pilsiu, pilti
pilsi, pilti
pils, pilti
pilsime, pilti
pilsite, pilti
pilčiau, pilti
piltum(ei), pilti
piltų, pilti
piltu(mė)me, pilti
piltu(mė)te, pilti
pinti, pinti
pinu, pinti
pini, pinti
pina, pinti
piname, pinti
pinate, pinti
pink, pinti
pinkite, pinti
pinkime, pinti
pyniau, pinti
pynei, pinti
pynė, pinti
pynėme, pinti
pynėte, pinti
pindavau, pinti
pindavai, pinti
pindavo, pinti
pindavome, pinti
pindavote, pinti
pinsiu, pinti
pinsi, pinti
pins, pinti
pinsime, pinti
pinsite, pinti
pinčiau, pinti
pintum(ei), pinti
pintų, pinti
pintu(mė)me, pinti
pintu(mė)te, pinti
piratauti, piratauti
piratauju, piratauti
piratauji, piratauti
piratauja, piratauti
pirataujame, piratauti
pirataujate, piratauti
piratauk, piratauti
pirataukite, piratauti
pirataukime, piratauti
piratavau, piratauti
piratavai, piratauti
piratavo, piratauti
piratavome, piratauti
piratavote, piratauti
pirataudavau, piratauti
pirataudavai, piratauti
pirataudavo, piratauti
pirataudavome, piratauti
pirataudavote, piratauti
piratausiu, piratauti
piratausi, piratauti
pirataus, piratauti
piratausime, piratauti
piratausite, piratauti
pirataučiau, piratauti
piratautum(ei), piratauti
piratautų, piratauti
piratautu(mė)me, piratauti
piratautu(mė)te, piratauti
pirkinėti, pirkinėti
pirkinėju, pirkinėti
pirkinėji, pirkinėti
pirkinėja, pirkinėti
pirkinėjame, pirkinėti
pirkinėjate, pirkinėti
pirkinėk, pirkinėti
pirkinėkite, pirkinėti
pirkinėkime, pirkinėti
pirkinėjau, pirkinėti
pirkinėjai, pirkinėti
pirkinėjo, pirkinėti
pirkinėjome, pirkinėti
pirkinėjote, pirkinėti
pirkinėdavau, pirkinėti
pirkinėdavai, pirkinėti
pirkinėdavo, pirkinėti
pirkinėdavome, pirkinėti
pirkinėdavote, pirkinėti
pirkinėsiu, pirkinėti
pirkinėsi, pirkinėti
pirkinės, pirkinėti
pirkinėsime, pirkinėti
pirkinėsite, pirkinėti
pirkinėčiau, pirkinėti
pirkinėtum(ei), pirkinėti
pirkinėtų, pirkinėti
pirkinėtu(mė)me, pirkinėti
pirkinėtu(mė)te, pirkinėti
pirkti, pirkti
perku, pirkti
perki, pirkti
perka, pirkti
perkame, pirkti
perkate, pirkti
pirk, pirkti
pirkite, pirkti
pirkime, pirkti
pirkau, pirkti
pirkai, pirkti
pirko, pirkti
pirkome, pirkti
pirkote, pirkti
pirkdavau, pirkti
pirkdavai, pirkti
pirkdavo, pirkti
pirkdavome, pirkti
pirkdavote, pirkti
pirksiu, pirkti
pirksi, pirkti
pirks, pirkti
pirksime, pirkti
pirksite, pirkti
pirkčiau, pirkti
pirktum(ei), pirkti
pirktų, pirkti
pirktu(mė)me, pirkti
pirktu(mė)te, pirkti
pirmauti, pirmauti
pirmauju, pirmauti
pirmauji, pirmauti
pirmauja, pirmauti
pirmaujame, pirmauti
pirmaujate, pirmauti
pirmauk, pirmauti
pirmaukite, pirmauti
pirmaukime, pirmauti
pirmavau, pirmauti
pirmavai, pirmauti
pirmavo, pirmauti
pirmavome, pirmauti
pirmavote, pirmauti
pirmaudavau, pirmauti
pirmaudavai, pirmauti
pirmaudavo, pirmauti
pirmaudavome, pirmauti
pirmaudavote, pirmauti
pirmausiu, pirmauti
pirmausi, pirmauti
pirmaus, pirmauti
pirmausime, pirmauti
pirmausite, pirmauti
pirmaučiau, pirmauti
pirmautum(ei), pirmauti
pirmautų, pirmauti
pirmautu(mė)me, pirmauti
pirmautu(mė)te, pirmauti
pirstelėti, pirstelėti
pirstelėju, pirstelėti
pirstelėji, pirstelėti
pirstelėja, pirstelėti
pirstelėjame, pirstelėti
pirstelėjate, pirstelėti
pirstelėk, pirstelėti
pirstelėkite, pirstelėti
pirstelėkime, pirstelėti
pirstelėjau, pirstelėti
pirstelėjai, pirstelėti
pirstelėjo, pirstelėti
pirstelėjome, pirstelėti
pirstelėjote, pirstelėti
pirstelėdavau, pirstelėti
pirstelėdavai, pirstelėti
pirstelėdavo, pirstelėti
pirstelėdavome, pirstelėti
pirstelėdavote, pirstelėti
pirstelėsiu, pirstelėti
pirstelėsi, pirstelėti
pirstelės, pirstelėti
pirstelėsime, pirstelėti
pirstelėsite, pirstelėti
pirstelėčiau, pirstelėti
pirstelėtum(ei), pirstelėti
pirstelėtų, pirstelėti
pirstelėtu(mė)me, pirstelėti
pirstelėtu(mė)te, pirstelėti
piršti, piršti
peršu, piršti
perši, piršti
perša, piršti
peršame, piršti
peršate, piršti
piršk, piršti
pirškite, piršti
pirškime, piršti
piršau, piršti
piršai, piršti
piršo, piršti
piršome, piršti
piršote, piršti
piršdavau, piršti
piršdavai, piršti
piršdavo, piršti
piršdavome, piršti
piršdavote, piršti
pirššiu, piršti
piršši, piršti
piršš, piršti
pirššime, piršti
pirššite, piršti
pirščiau, piršti
pirštum(ei), piršti
pirštų, piršti
pirštu(mė)me, piršti
pirštu(mė)te, piršti
pisti, pisti
pisu, pisti
pisi, pisti
pisa, pisti
pisame, pisti
pisate, pisti
pisk, pisti
piskite, pisti
piskime, pisti
pisau, pisti
pisai, pisti
piso, pisti
pisome, pisti
pisote, pisti
pisdavau, pisti
pisdavai, pisti
pisdavo, pisti
pisdavome, pisti
pisdavote, pisti
pisiu, pisti
pisi, pisti
pis, pisti
pisime, pisti
pisite, pisti
pisčiau, pisti
pistum(ei), pisti
pistų, pisti
pistu(mė)me, pisti
pistu(mė)te, pisti
pjaustyti, pjaustyti
pjaustau, pjaustyti
pjaustai, pjaustyti
pjausto, pjaustyti
pjaustome, pjaustyti
pjaustote, pjaustyti
pjaustyk, pjaustyti
pjaustykite, pjaustyti
pjaustykime, pjaustyti
pjaustei, pjaustyti
pjaustė, pjaustyti
pjaustėme, pjaustyti
pjaustėte, pjaustyti
pjaustydavau, pjaustyti
pjaustydavai, pjaustyti
pjaustydavo, pjaustyti
pjaustydavome, pjaustyti
pjaustydavote, pjaustyti
pjaustysiu, pjaustyti
pjaustysi, pjaustyti
pjaustys, pjaustyti
pjaustysime, pjaustyti
pjaustysite, pjaustyti
pjaustyčiau, pjaustyti
pjaustytum(ei), pjaustyti
pjaustytų, pjaustyti
pjaustytu(mė)me, pjaustyti
pjaustytu(mė)te, pjaustyti
pjauti, pjauti
pjaunu, pjauti
pjauni, pjauti
pjauna, pjauti
pjauname, pjauti
pjaunate, pjauti
pjauk, pjauti
pjaukite, pjauti
pjaukime, pjauti
pjoviau, pjauti
pjovei, pjauti
pjovė, pjauti
pjovėme, pjauti
pjovėte, pjauti
pjaudavau, pjauti
pjaudavai, pjauti
pjaudavo, pjauti
pjaudavome, pjauti
pjaudavote, pjauti
pjausiu, pjauti
pjausi, pjauti
pjaus, pjauti
pjausime, pjauti
pjausite, pjauti
pjaučiau, pjauti
pjautum(ei), pjauti
pjautų, pjauti
pjautu(mė)me, pjauti
pjautu(mė)te, pjauti
plakti, plakti
plaku, plakti
plaki, plakti
plaka, plakti
plakame, plakti
plakate, plakti
plak, plakti
plakite, plakti
plakime, plakti
plakiau, plakti
plakei, plakti
plakė, plakti
plakėme, plakti
plakėte, plakti
plakdavau, plakti
plakdavai, plakti
plakdavo, plakti
plakdavome, plakti
plakdavote, plakti
plaksiu, plakti
plaksi, plakti
plaks, plakti
plaksime, plakti
plaksite, plakti
plakčiau, plakti
plaktum(ei), plakti
plaktų, plakti
plaktu(mė)me, plakti
plaktu(mė)te, plakti
planiruoti, planiruoti
planiruoju, planiruoti
planiruoji, planiruoti
planiruoja, planiruoti
planiruojame, planiruoti
planiruojate, planiruoti
planiruok, planiruoti
planiruokite, planiruoti
planiruokime, planiruoti
planiravau, planiruoti
planiravai, planiruoti
planiravo, planiruoti
planiravome, planiruoti
planiravote, planiruoti
planiruodavau, planiruoti
planiruodavai, planiruoti
planiruodavo, planiruoti
planiruodavome, planiruoti
planiruodavote, planiruoti
planiruosiu, planiruoti
planiruosi, planiruoti
planiruos, planiruoti
planiruosime, planiruoti
planiruosite, planiruoti
planiruočiau, planiruoti
planiruotum(ei), planiruoti
planiruotų, planiruoti
planiruotu(mė)me, planiruoti
planiruotu(mė)te, planiruoti
planuoti, planuoti
planuoju, planuoti
planuoji, planuoti
planuoja, planuoti
planuojame, planuoti
planuojate, planuoti
planuok, planuoti
planuokite, planuoti
planuokime, planuoti
planavau, planuoti
planavai, planuoti
planavo, planuoti
planavome, planuoti
planavote, planuoti
planuodavau, planuoti
planuodavai, planuoti
planuodavo, planuoti
planuodavome, planuoti
planuodavote, planuoti
planuosiu, planuoti
planuosi, planuoti
planuos, planuoti
planuosime, planuoti
planuosite, planuoti
planuočiau, planuoti
planuotum(ei), planuoti
planuotų, planuoti
planuotu(mė)me, planuoti
planuotu(mė)te, planuoti
plasnoti, plasnoti
plasnoju, plasnoti
plasnoji, plasnoti
plasnoja, plasnoti
plasnojame, plasnoti
plasnojate, plasnoti
plasnok, plasnoti
plasnokite, plasnoti
plasnokime, plasnoti
plasnojau, plasnoti
plasnojai, plasnoti
plasnojo, plasnoti
plasnojome, plasnoti
plasnojote, plasnoti
plasnodavau, plasnoti
plasnodavai, plasnoti
plasnodavo, plasnoti
plasnodavome, plasnoti
plasnodavote, plasnoti
plasnosiu, plasnoti
plasnosi, plasnoti
plasnos, plasnoti
plasnosime, plasnoti
plasnosite, plasnoti
plasnočiau, plasnoti
plasnotum(ei), plasnoti
plasnotų, plasnoti
plasnotu(mė)me, plasnoti
plasnotu(mė)te, plasnoti
platinti, platinti
platinu, platinti
platini, platinti
platina, platinti
platiname, platinti
platinate, platinti
platink, platinti
platinkite, platinti
platinkime, platinti
platinau, platinti
platinai, platinti
platino, platinti
platinome, platinti
platinote, platinti
platindavau, platinti
platindavai, platinti
platindavo, platinti
platindavome, platinti
platindavote, platinti
platinsiu, platinti
platinsi, platinti
platins, platinti
platinsime, platinti
platinsite, platinti
platinčiau, platinti
platintum(ei), platinti
platintų, platinti
platintu(mė)me, platinti
platintu(mė)te, platinti
plaukioti, plaukioti
plaukioju, plaukioti
plaukioji, plaukioti
plaukioja, plaukioti
plaukiojame, plaukioti
plaukiojate, plaukioti
plaukiok, plaukioti
plaukiokite, plaukioti
plaukiokime, plaukioti
plaukiojau, plaukioti
plaukiojai, plaukioti
plaukiojo, plaukioti
plaukiojome, plaukioti
plaukiojote, plaukioti
plaukiodavau, plaukioti
plaukiodavai, plaukioti
plaukiodavo, plaukioti
plaukiodavome, plaukioti
plaukiodavote, plaukioti
plaukiosiu, plaukioti
plaukiosi, plaukioti
plaukios, plaukioti
plaukiosime, plaukioti
plaukiosite, plaukioti
plaukiočiau, plaukioti
plaukiotum(ei), plaukioti
plaukiotų, plaukioti
plaukiotu(mė)me, plaukioti
plaukiotu(mė)te, plaukioti
plaukti, plaukti
plaukiu, plaukti
plauki, plaukti
plaukia, plaukti
plaukiame, plaukti
plaukiate, plaukti
plauk, plaukti
plaukite, plaukti
plaukime, plaukti
plaukiau, plaukti
plaukei, plaukti
plaukė, plaukti
plaukėme, plaukti
plaukėte, plaukti
plaukdavau, plaukti
plaukdavai, plaukti
plaukdavo, plaukti
plaukdavome, plaukti
plaukdavote, plaukti
plauksiu, plaukti
plauksi, plaukti
plauks, plaukti
plauksime, plaukti
plauksite, plaukti
plaukčiau, plaukti
plauktum(ei), plaukti
plauktų, plaukti
plauktu(mė)me, plaukti
plauktu(mė)te, plaukti
plaukyti, plaukyti
plaukau, plaukyti
plaukai, plaukyti
plauko, plaukyti
plaukome, plaukyti
plaukote, plaukyti
plaukyk, plaukyti
plaukykite, plaukyti
plaukykime, plaukyti
plaukiau, plaukyti
plaukei, plaukyti
plaukė, plaukyti
plaukėme, plaukyti
plaukėte, plaukyti
plaukydavau, plaukyti
plaukydavai, plaukyti
plaukydavo, plaukyti
plaukydavome, plaukyti
plaukydavote, plaukyti
plaukysiu, plaukyti
plaukysi, plaukyti
plaukys, plaukyti
plaukysime, plaukyti
plaukysite, plaukyti
plaukyčiau, plaukyti
plaukytum(ei), plaukyti
plaukytų, plaukyti
plaukytu(mė)me, plaukyti
plaukytu(mė)te, plaukyti
plauti, plauti
plaunu, plauti
plauni, plauti
plauna, plauti
plauname, plauti
plaunate, plauti
plauk, plauti
plaukite, plauti
plaukime, plauti
ploviau, plauti
plovei, plauti
plovė, plauti
plovėme, plauti
plovėte, plauti
plaudavau, plauti
plaudavai, plauti
plaudavo, plauti
plaudavome, plauti
plaudavote, plauti
plausiu, plauti
plausi, plauti
plaus, plauti
plausime, plauti
plausite, plauti
plaučiau, plauti
plautum(ei), plauti
plautų, plauti
plautu(mė)me, plauti
plautu(mė)te, plauti
pleiskanoti, pleiskanoti
pleiskanoju, pleiskanoti
pleiskanoji, pleiskanoti
pleiskanoja, pleiskanoti
pleiskanojame, pleiskanoti
pleiskanojate, pleiskanoti
pleiskanok, pleiskanoti
pleiskanokite, pleiskanoti
pleiskanokime, pleiskanoti
pleiskanojau, pleiskanoti
pleiskanojai, pleiskanoti
pleiskanojo, pleiskanoti
pleiskanojome, pleiskanoti
pleiskanojote, pleiskanoti
pleiskanodavau, pleiskanoti
pleiskanodavai, pleiskanoti
pleiskanodavo, pleiskanoti
pleiskanodavome, pleiskanoti
pleiskanodavote, pleiskanoti
pleiskanosiu, pleiskanoti
pleiskanosi, pleiskanoti
pleiskanos, pleiskanoti
pleiskanosime, pleiskanoti
pleiskanosite, pleiskanoti
pleiskanočiau, pleiskanoti
pleiskanotum(ei), pleiskanoti
pleiskanotų, pleiskanoti
pleiskanotu(mė)me, pleiskanoti
pleiskanotu(mė)te, pleiskanoti
plepėti, plepėti
plepu, plepėti
plepi, plepėti
plepa, plepėti
plepame, plepėti
plepate, plepėti
plepėk, plepėti
plepėkite, plepėti
plepėkime, plepėti
plepėjau, plepėti
plepėjai, plepėti
plepėjo, plepėti
plepėjome, plepėti
plepėjote, plepėti
plepėdavau, plepėti
plepėdavai, plepėti
plepėdavo, plepėti
plepėdavome, plepėti
plepėdavote, plepėti
plepėsiu, plepėti
plepėsi, plepėti
plepės, plepėti
plepėsime, plepėti
plepėsite, plepėti
plepėčiau, plepėti
plepėtum(ei), plepėti
plepėtų, plepėti
plepėtu(mė)me, plepėti
plepėtu(mė)te, plepėti
plėpėti, plėpėti
plepu, plėpėti
plepi, plėpėti
plepa, plėpėti
plepame, plėpėti
plepate, plėpėti
plėpėk, plėpėti
plėpėkite, plėpėti
plėpėkime, plėpėti
plepėjau, plėpėti
plepėjai, plėpėti
plepėjo, plėpėti
plepėjome, plėpėti
plepėjote, plėpėti
plėpėdavau, plėpėti
plėpėdavai, plėpėti
plėpėdavo, plėpėti
plėpėdavome, plėpėti
plėpėdavote, plėpėti
plėpėsiu, plėpėti
plėpėsi, plėpėti
plėpės, plėpėti
plėpėsime, plėpėti
plėpėsite, plėpėti
plėpėčiau, plėpėti
plėpėtum(ei), plėpėti
plėpėtų, plėpėti
plėpėtu(mė)me, plėpėti
plėpėtu(mė)te, plėpėti
plėšikauti, plėšikauti
plėšikauju, plėšikauti
plėšikauji, plėšikauti
plėšikauja, plėšikauti
plėšikaujame, plėšikauti
plėšikaujate, plėšikauti
plėšikauk, plėšikauti
plėšikaukite, plėšikauti
plėšikaukime, plėšikauti
plėšikavau, plėšikauti
plėšikavai, plėšikauti
plėšikavo, plėšikauti
plėšikavome, plėšikauti
plėšikavote, plėšikauti
plėšikaudavau, plėšikauti
plėšikaudavai, plėšikauti
plėšikaudavo, plėšikauti
plėšikaudavome, plėšikauti
plėšikaudavote, plėšikauti
plėšikausiu, plėšikauti
plėšikausi, plėšikauti
plėšikaus, plėšikauti
plėšikausime, plėšikauti
plėšikausite, plėšikauti
plėšikaučiau, plėšikauti
plėšikautum(ei), plėšikauti
plėšikautų, plėšikauti
plėšikautu(mė)me, plėšikauti
plėšikautu(mė)te, plėšikauti
pleškėti, pleškėti
plešku, pleškėti
pleški, pleškėti
pleška, pleškėti
pleškame, pleškėti
pleškate, pleškėti
pleškėk, pleškėti
pleškėkite, pleškėti
pleškėkime, pleškėti
pleškėjau, pleškėti
pleškėjai, pleškėti
pleškėjo, pleškėti
pleškėjome, pleškėti
pleškėjote, pleškėti
pleškėdavau, pleškėti
pleškėdavai, pleškėti
pleškėdavo, pleškėti
pleškėdavome, pleškėti
pleškėdavote, pleškėti
pleškėsiu, pleškėti
pleškėsi, pleškėti
pleškės, pleškėti
pleškėsime, pleškėti
pleškėsite, pleškėti
pleškėčiau, pleškėti
pleškėtum(ei), pleškėti
pleškėtų, pleškėti
pleškėtu(mė)me, pleškėti
pleškėtu(mė)te, pleškėti
plėsti, plėsti
plečiu, plėsti
pleči, plėsti
plečia, plėsti
plečiame, plėsti
plečiate, plėsti
plėsk, plėsti
plėskite, plėsti
plėskime, plėsti
plėtei, plėsti
plėtė, plėsti
plėtėme, plėsti
plėtėte, plėsti
plėsdavau, plėsti
plėsdavai, plėsti
plėsdavo, plėsti
plėsdavome, plėsti
plėsdavote, plėsti
plėsiu, plėsti
plėsi, plėsti
plės, plėsti
plėsime, plėsti
plėsite, plėsti
plėsčiau, plėsti
plėstum(ei), plėsti
plėstų, plėsti
plėstu(mė)me, plėsti
plėstu(mė)te, plėsti
plėšti, plėšti
plešku, plėšti
pleški, plėšti
pleška, plėšti
pleškame, plėšti
pleškate, plėšti
plėšk, plėšti
plėškite, plėšti
plėškime, plėšti
pleškėjau, plėšti
pleškėjai, plėšti
pleškėjo, plėšti
pleškėjome, plėšti
pleškėjote, plėšti
plėšdavau, plėšti
plėšdavai, plėšti
plėšdavo, plėšti
plėšdavome, plėšti
plėšdavote, plėšti
plėššiu, plėšti
plėšši, plėšti
plėšš, plėšti
plėššime, plėšti
plėššite, plėšti
plėščiau, plėšti
plėštum(ei), plėšti
plėštų, plėšti
plėštu(mė)me, plėšti
plėštu(mė)te, plėšti
plėšyti, plėšyti
plėšau, plėšyti
plėšai, plėšyti
plėšo, plėšyti
plėšome, plėšyti
plėšote, plėšyti
plėšyk, plėšyti
plėšykite, plėšyti
plėšykime, plėšyti
plėšiau, plėšyti
plėšei, plėšyti
plėšė, plėšyti
plėšėme, plėšyti
plėšėte, plėšyti
plėšydavau, plėšyti
plėšydavai, plėšyti
plėšydavo, plėšyti
plėšydavome, plėšyti
plėšydavote, plėšyti
plėšysiu, plėšyti
plėšysi, plėšyti
plėšys, plėšyti
plėšysime, plėšyti
plėšysite, plėšyti
plėšyčiau, plėšyti
plėšytum(ei), plėšyti
plėšytų, plėšyti
plėšytu(mė)me, plėšyti
plėšytu(mė)te, plėšyti
plėtoti, plėtoti
plėtoju, plėtoti
plėtoji, plėtoti
plėtoja, plėtoti
plėtojame, plėtoti
plėtojate, plėtoti
plėtok, plėtoti
plėtokite, plėtoti
plėtokime, plėtoti
plėtojau, plėtoti
plėtojai, plėtoti
plėtojo, plėtoti
plėtojome, plėtoti
plėtojote, plėtoti
plėtodavau, plėtoti
plėtodavai, plėtoti
plėtodavo, plėtoti
plėtodavome, plėtoti
plėtodavote, plėtoti
plėtosiu, plėtoti
plėtosi, plėtoti
plėtos, plėtoti
plėtosime, plėtoti
plėtosite, plėtoti
plėtočiau, plėtoti
plėtotum(ei), plėtoti
plėtotų, plėtoti
plėtotu(mė)me, plėtoti
plėtotu(mė)te, plėtoti
pleventi, pleventi
plevenu, pleventi
pleveni, pleventi
plevena, pleventi
plevename, pleventi
plevenate, pleventi
plevenk, pleventi
plevenkite, pleventi
plevenkime, pleventi
plevenau, pleventi
plevenai, pleventi
pleveno, pleventi
plevenome, pleventi
plevenote, pleventi
plevendavau, pleventi
plevendavai, pleventi
plevendavo, pleventi
plevendavome, pleventi
plevendavote, pleventi
plevensiu, pleventi
plevensi, pleventi
plevens, pleventi
plevensime, pleventi
plevensite, pleventi
plevenčiau, pleventi
pleventum(ei), pleventi
pleventų, pleventi
pleventu(mė)me, pleventi
pleventu(mė)te, pleventi
plevėsuoti, plevėsuoti
plevėsuoju, plevėsuoti
plevėsuoji, plevėsuoti
plevėsuoja, plevėsuoti
plevėsuojame, plevėsuoti
plevėsuojate, plevėsuoti
plevėsuok, plevėsuoti
plevėsuokite, plevėsuoti
plevėsuokime, plevėsuoti
plevėsavau, plevėsuoti
plevėsavai, plevėsuoti
plevėsavo, plevėsuoti
plevėsavome, plevėsuoti
plevėsavote, plevėsuoti
plevėsuodavau, plevėsuoti
plevėsuodavai, plevėsuoti
plevėsuodavo, plevėsuoti
plevėsuodavome, plevėsuoti
plevėsuodavote, plevėsuoti
plevėsuosiu, plevėsuoti
plevėsuosi, plevėsuoti
plevėsuos, plevėsuoti
plevėsuosime, plevėsuoti
plevėsuosite, plevėsuoti
plevėsuočiau, plevėsuoti
plevėsuotum(ei), plevėsuoti
plevėsuotų, plevėsuoti
plevėsuotu(mė)me, plevėsuoti
plevėsuotu(mė)te, plevėsuoti
pliaukšti, pliaukšti
pliauškiu, pliaukšti
pliauški, pliaukšti
pliauškia, pliaukšti
pliauškiame, pliaukšti
pliauškiate, pliaukšti
pliaukšk, pliaukšti
pliaukškite, pliaukšti
pliaukškime, pliaukšti
pliauškiau, pliaukšti
pliauškei, pliaukšti
pliauškė, pliaukšti
pliauškėme, pliaukšti
pliauškėte, pliaukšti
pliaukšdavau, pliaukšti
pliaukšdavai, pliaukšti
pliaukšdavo, pliaukšti
pliaukšdavome, pliaukšti
pliaukšdavote, pliaukšti
pliaukššiu, pliaukšti
pliaukšši, pliaukšti
pliaukšš, pliaukšti
pliaukššime, pliaukšti
pliaukššite, pliaukšti
pliaukščiau, pliaukšti
pliaukštum(ei), pliaukšti
pliaukštų, pliaukšti
pliaukštu(mė)me, pliaukšti
pliaukštu(mė)te, pliaukšti
plikyti, plikyti
plikau, plikyti
plikai, plikyti
pliko, plikyti
plikome, plikyti
plikote, plikyti
plikyk, plikyti
plikykite, plikyti
plikykime, plikyti
plikiau, plikyti
plikei, plikyti
plikė, plikyti
plikėme, plikyti
plikėte, plikyti
plikydavau, plikyti
plikydavai, plikyti
plikydavo, plikyti
plikydavome, plikyti
plikydavote, plikyti
plikysiu, plikyti
plikysi, plikyti
plikys, plikyti
plikysime, plikyti
plikysite, plikyti
plikyčiau, plikyti
plikytum(ei), plikyti
plikytų, plikyti
plikytu(mė)me, plikyti
plikytu(mė)te, plikyti
plisti, plisti
plintu, plisti
plinti, plisti
plinta, plisti
plintame, plisti
plintate, plisti
plisk, plisti
pliskite, plisti
pliskime, plisti
plitau, plisti
plitai, plisti
plito, plisti
plitome, plisti
plitote, plisti
plisdavau, plisti
plisdavai, plisti
plisdavo, plisti
plisdavome, plisti
plisdavote, plisti
plisiu, plisti
plisi, plisti
plis, plisti
plisime, plisti
plisite, plisti
plisčiau, plisti
plistum(ei), plisti
plistų, plisti
plistu(mė)me, plisti
plistu(mė)te, plisti
pliumptelėti, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėju, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėji, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėja, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėjame, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėjate, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėk, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėkite, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėkime, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėjau, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėjai, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėjo, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėjome, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėjote, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėdavau, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėdavai, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėdavo, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėdavome, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėdavote, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėsiu, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėsi, pliumptelėti
pliumptelės, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėsime, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėsite, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėčiau, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėtum(ei), pliumptelėti
pliumptelėtų, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėtu(mė)me, pliumptelėti
pliumptelėtu(mė)te, pliumptelėti
pliurpti, pliurpti
pliurpiu, pliurpti
pliurpi, pliurpti
pliurpia, pliurpti
pliurpiame, pliurpti
pliurpiate, pliurpti
pliurpk, pliurpti
pliurpkite, pliurpti
pliurpkime, pliurpti
pliurpiau, pliurpti
pliurpei, pliurpti
pliurpė, pliurpti
pliurpėme, pliurpti
pliurpėte, pliurpti
pliurpdavau, pliurpti
pliurpdavai, pliurpti
pliurpdavo, pliurpti
pliurpdavome, pliurpti
pliurpdavote, pliurpti
pliurpsiu, pliurpti
pliurpsi, pliurpti
pliurps, pliurpti
pliurpsime, pliurpti
pliurpsite, pliurpti
pliurpčiau, pliurpti
pliurptum(ei), pliurpti
pliurptų, pliurpti
pliurptu(mė)me, pliurpti
pliurptu(mė)te, pliurpti
plonėti, plonėti
plonėju, plonėti
plonėji, plonėti
plonėja, plonėti
plonėjame, plonėti
plonėjate, plonėti
plonėk, plonėti
plonėkite, plonėti
plonėkime, plonėti
plonėjau, plonėti
plonėjai, plonėti
plonėjo, plonėti
plonėjome, plonėti
plonėjote, plonėti
plonėdavau, plonėti
plonėdavai, plonėti
plonėdavo, plonėti
plonėdavome, plonėti
plonėdavote, plonėti
plonėsiu, plonėti
plonėsi, plonėti
plonės, plonėti
plonėsime, plonėti
plonėsite, plonėti
plonėčiau, plonėti
plonėtum(ei), plonėti
plonėtų, plonėti
plonėtu(mė)me, plonėti
plonėtu(mė)te, plonėti
ploti, ploti
ploju, ploti
ploji, ploti
ploja, ploti
plojame, ploti
plojate, ploti
plok, ploti
plokite, ploti
plokime, ploti
plojau, ploti
plojai, ploti
plojo, ploti
plojome, ploti
plojote, ploti
plodavau, ploti
plodavai, ploti
plodavo, ploti
plodavome, ploti
plodavote, ploti
plosiu, ploti
plosi, ploti
plos, ploti
plosime, ploti
plosite, ploti
pločiau, ploti
plotum(ei), ploti
plotų, ploti
plotu(mė)me, ploti
plotu(mė)te, ploti
plūduriuoti, plūduriuoti
plūduriuoju, plūduriuoti
plūduriuoji, plūduriuoti
plūduriuoja, plūduriuoti
plūduriuojame, plūduriuoti
plūduriuojate, plūduriuoti
plūduriuok, plūduriuoti
plūduriuokite, plūduriuoti
plūduriuokime, plūduriuoti
plūduriavau, plūduriuoti
plūduriavai, plūduriuoti
plūduriavo, plūduriuoti
plūduriavome, plūduriuoti
plūduriavote, plūduriuoti
plūduriuodavau, plūduriuoti
plūduriuodavai, plūduriuoti
plūduriuodavo, plūduriuoti
plūduriuodavome, plūduriuoti
plūduriuodavote, plūduriuoti
plūduriuosiu, plūduriuoti
plūduriuosi, plūduriuoti
plūduriuos, plūduriuoti
plūduriuosime, plūduriuoti
plūduriuosite, plūduriuoti
plūduriuočiau, plūduriuoti
plūduriuotum(ei), plūduriuoti
plūduriuotų, plūduriuoti
plūduriuotu(mė)me, plūduriuoti
plūduriuotu(mė)te, plūduriuoti
plukdyti, plukdyti
plukdžau, plukdyti
plukdai, plukdyti
plukdo, plukdyti
plukdome, plukdyti
plukdote, plukdyti
plukdyk, plukdyti
plukdykite, plukdyti
plukdykime, plukdyti
plukdei, plukdyti
plukdė, plukdyti
plukdėme, plukdyti
plukdėte, plukdyti
plukdydavau, plukdyti
plukdydavai, plukdyti
plukdydavo, plukdyti
plukdydavome, plukdyti
plukdydavote, plukdyti
plukdysiu, plukdyti
plukdysi, plukdyti
plukdys, plukdyti
plukdysime, plukdyti
plukdysite, plukdyti
plukdyčiau, plukdyti
plukdytum(ei), plukdyti
plukdytų, plukdyti
plukdytu(mė)me, plukdyti
plukdytu(mė)te, plukdyti
plūsti, plūsti
plūstu, plūsti
plūsti, plūsti
plūsta, plūsti
plūstame, plūsti
plūstate, plūsti
plūsk, plūsti
plūskite, plūsti
plūskime, plūsti
plūsdau, plūsti
plūsdai, plūsti
plūsdo, plūsti
plūsdome, plūsti
plūsdote, plūsti
plūsdavau, plūsti
plūsdavai, plūsti
plūsdavo, plūsti
plūsdavome, plūsti
plūsdavote, plūsti
plūsiu, plūsti
plūsi, plūsti
plūs, plūsti
plūsime, plūsti
plūsite, plūsti
plūsčiau, plūsti
plūstum(ei), plūsti
plūstų, plūsti
plūstu(mė)me, plūsti
plūstu(mė)te, plūsti
plušti, plušti
plūštu, plušti
plūšti, plušti
plūšta, plušti
plūštame, plušti
plūštate, plušti
plušk, plušti
pluškite, plušti
pluškime, plušti
plušau, plušti
plušai, plušti
plušo, plušti
plušome, plušti
plušote, plušti
plušdavau, plušti
plušdavai, plušti
plušdavo, plušti
plušdavome, plušti
plušdavote, plušti
pluššiu, plušti
plušši, plušti
plušš, plušti
pluššime, plušti
pluššite, plušti
pluščiau, plušti
pluštum(ei), plušti
pluštų, plušti
pluštu(mė)me, plušti
pluštu(mė)te, plušti
plyšoti, plyšoti
plyšau, plyšoti
plyšai, plyšoti
plyšo, plyšoti
plyšome, plyšoti
plyšote, plyšoti
plyšok, plyšoti
plyšokite, plyšoti
plyšokime, plyšoti
plyšojau, plyšoti
plyšojai, plyšoti
plyšojo, plyšoti
plyšojome, plyšoti
plyšojote, plyšoti
plyšodavau, plyšoti
plyšodavai, plyšoti
plyšodavo, plyšoti
plyšodavome, plyšoti
plyšodavote, plyšoti
plyšosiu, plyšoti
plyšosi, plyšoti
plyšos, plyšoti
plyšosime, plyšoti
plyšosite, plyšoti
plyšočiau, plyšoti
plyšotum(ei), plyšoti
plyšotų, plyšoti
plyšotu(mė)me, plyšoti
plyšotu(mė)te, plyšoti
plyšti, plyšti
plyštu, plyšti
plyšti, plyšti
plyšta, plyšti
plyštame, plyšti
plyštate, plyšti
plyšk, plyšti
plyškite, plyšti
plyškime, plyšti
plyšau, plyšti
plyšai, plyšti
plyšo, plyšti
plyšome, plyšti
plyšote, plyšti
plyšdavau, plyšti
plyšdavai, plyšti
plyšdavo, plyšti
plyšdavome, plyšti
plyšdavote, plyšti
plyššiu, plyšti
plyšši, plyšti
plyšš, plyšti
plyššime, plyšti
plyššite, plyšti
plyščiau, plyšti
plyštum(ei), plyšti
plyštų, plyšti
plyštu(mė)me, plyšti
plyštu(mė)te, plyšti
poilsiauti, poilsiauti
poilsiauju, poilsiauti
poilsiauji, poilsiauti
poilsiauja, poilsiauti
poilsiaujame, poilsiauti
poilsiaujate, poilsiauti
poilsiauk, poilsiauti
poilsiaukite, poilsiauti
poilsiaukime, poilsiauti
poilsiavau, poilsiauti
poilsiavai, poilsiauti
poilsiavo, poilsiauti
poilsiavome, poilsiauti
poilsiavote, poilsiauti
poilsiaudavau, poilsiauti
poilsiaudavai, poilsiauti
poilsiaudavo, poilsiauti
poilsiaudavome, poilsiauti
poilsiaudavote, poilsiauti
poilsiausiu, poilsiauti
poilsiausi, poilsiauti
poilsiaus, poilsiauti
poilsiausime, poilsiauti
poilsiausite, poilsiauti
poilsiaučiau, poilsiauti
poilsiautum(ei), poilsiauti
poilsiautų, poilsiauti
poilsiautu(mė)me, poilsiauti
poilsiautu(mė)te, poilsiauti
pokštauti, pokštauti
pokštauju, pokštauti
pokštauji, pokštauti
pokštauja, pokštauti
pokštaujame, pokštauti
pokštaujate, pokštauti
pokštauk, pokštauti
pokštaukite, pokštauti
pokštaukime, pokštauti
pokštavau, pokštauti
pokštavai, pokštauti
pokštavo, pokštauti
pokštavome, pokštauti
pokštavote, pokštauti
pokštaudavau, pokštauti
pokštaudavai, pokštauti
pokštaudavo, pokštauti
pokštaudavome, pokštauti
pokštaudavote, pokštauti
pokštausiu, pokštauti
pokštausi, pokštauti
pokštaus, pokštauti
pokštausime, pokštauti
pokštausite, pokštauti
pokštaučiau, pokštauti
pokštautum(ei), pokštauti
pokštautų, pokštauti
pokštautu(mė)me, pokštauti
pokštautu(mė)te, pokštauti
pokštelėti, pokštelėti
pokštelėju, pokštelėti
pokštelėji, pokštelėti
pokštelėja, pokštelėti
pokštelėjame, pokštelėti
pokštelėjate, pokštelėti
pokštelėk, pokštelėti
pokštelėkite, pokštelėti
pokštelėkime, pokštelėti
pokštelėjau, pokštelėti
pokštelėjai, pokštelėti
pokštelėjo, pokštelėti
pokštelėjome, pokštelėti
pokštelėjote, pokštelėti
pokštelėdavau, pokštelėti
pokštelėdavai, pokštelėti
pokštelėdavo, pokštelėti
pokštelėdavome, pokštelėti
pokštelėdavote, pokštelėti
pokštelėsiu, pokštelėti
pokštelėsi, pokštelėti
pokštelės, pokštelėti
pokštelėsime, pokštelėti
pokštelėsite, pokštelėti
pokštelėčiau, pokštelėti
pokštelėtum(ei), pokštelėti
pokštelėtų, pokštelėti
pokštelėtu(mė)me, pokštelėti
pokštelėtu(mė)te, pokštelėti
pompuoti, pompuoti
pompuoju, pompuoti
pompuoji, pompuoti
pompuoja, pompuoti
pompuojame, pompuoti
pompuojate, pompuoti
pompuok, pompuoti
pompuokite, pompuoti
pompuokime, pompuoti
pompavau, pompuoti
pompavai, pompuoti
pompavo, pompuoti
pompavome, pompuoti
pompavote, pompuoti
pompuodavau, pompuoti
pompuodavai, pompuoti
pompuodavo, pompuoti
pompuodavome, pompuoti
pompuodavote, pompuoti
pompuosiu, pompuoti
pompuosi, pompuoti
pompuos, pompuoti
pompuosime, pompuoti
pompuosite, pompuoti
pompuočiau, pompuoti
pompuotum(ei), pompuoti
pompuotų, pompuoti
pompuotu(mė)me, pompuoti
pompuotu(mė)te, pompuoti
populiarėti, populiarėti
populiarėju, populiarėti
populiarėji, populiarėti
populiarėja, populiarėti
populiarėjame, populiarėti
populiarėjate, populiarėti
populiarėk, populiarėti
populiarėkite, populiarėti
populiarėkime, populiarėti
populiarėjau, populiarėti
populiarėjai, populiarėti
populiarėjo, populiarėti
populiarėjome, populiarėti
populiarėjote, populiarėti
populiarėdavau, populiarėti
populiarėdavai, populiarėti
populiarėdavo, populiarėti
populiarėdavome, populiarėti
populiarėdavote, populiarėti
populiarėsiu, populiarėti
populiarėsi, populiarėti
populiarės, populiarėti
populiarėsime, populiarėti
populiarėsite, populiarėti
populiarėčiau, populiarėti
populiarėtum(ei), populiarėti
populiarėtų, populiarėti
populiarėtu(mė)me, populiarėti
populiarėtu(mė)te, populiarėti
posėdžiauti, posėdžiauti
posėdžiauju, posėdžiauti
posėdžiauji, posėdžiauti
posėdžiauja, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaujame, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaujate, posėdžiauti
posėdžiauk, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaukite, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaukime, posėdžiauti
posėdžiavau, posėdžiauti
posėdžiavai, posėdžiauti
posėdžiavo, posėdžiauti
posėdžiavome, posėdžiauti
posėdžiavote, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaudavau, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaudavai, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaudavo, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaudavome, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaudavote, posėdžiauti
posėdžiausiu, posėdžiauti
posėdžiausi, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaus, posėdžiauti
posėdžiausime, posėdžiauti
posėdžiausite, posėdžiauti
posėdžiaučiau, posėdžiauti
posėdžiautum(ei), posėdžiauti
posėdžiautų, posėdžiauti
posėdžiautu(mė)me, posėdžiauti
posėdžiautu(mė)te, posėdžiauti
pozuoti, pozuoti
pozuoju, pozuoti
pozuoji, pozuoti
pozuoja, pozuoti
pozuojame, pozuoti
pozuojate, pozuoti
pozuok, pozuoti
pozuokite, pozuoti
pozuokime, pozuoti
pozavau, pozuoti
pozavai, pozuoti
pozavo, pozuoti
pozavome, pozuoti
pozavote, pozuoti
pozuodavau, pozuoti
pozuodavai, pozuoti
pozuodavo, pozuoti
pozuodavome, pozuoti
pozuodavote, pozuoti
pozuosiu, pozuoti
pozuosi, pozuoti
pozuos, pozuoti
pozuosime, pozuoti
pozuosite, pozuoti
pozuočiau, pozuoti
pozuotum(ei), pozuoti
pozuotų, pozuoti
pozuotu(mė)me, pozuoti
pozuotu(mė)te, pozuoti
prekiauti, prekiauti
prekiauju, prekiauti
prekiauji, prekiauti
prekiauja, prekiauti
prekiaujame, prekiauti
prekiaujate, prekiauti
prekiauk, prekiauti
prekiaukite, prekiauti
prekiaukime, prekiauti
prekiavau, prekiauti
prekiavai, prekiauti
prekiavo, prekiauti
prekiavome, prekiauti
prekiavote, prekiauti
prekiaudavau, prekiauti
prekiaudavai, prekiauti
prekiaudavo, prekiauti
prekiaudavome, prekiauti
prekiaudavote, prekiauti
prekiausiu, prekiauti
prekiausi, prekiauti
prekiaus, prekiauti
prekiausime, prekiauti
prekiausite, prekiauti
prekiaučiau, prekiauti
prekiautum(ei), prekiauti
prekiautų, prekiauti
prekiautu(mė)me, prekiauti
prekiautu(mė)te, prekiauti
prenumeruoti, prenumeruoti
prenumeruoju, prenumeruoti
prenumeruoji, prenumeruoti
prenumeruoja, prenumeruoti
prenumeruojame, prenumeruoti
prenumeruojate, prenumeruoti
prenumeruok, prenumeruoti
prenumeruokite, prenumeruoti
prenumeruokime, prenumeruoti
prenumeravau, prenumeruoti
prenumeravai, prenumeruoti
prenumeravo, prenumeruoti
prenumeravome, prenumeruoti
prenumeravote, prenumeruoti
prenumeruodavau, prenumeruoti
prenumeruodavai, prenumeruoti
prenumeruodavo, prenumeruoti
prenumeruodavome, prenumeruoti
prenumeruodavote, prenumeruoti
prenumeruosiu, prenumeruoti
prenumeruosi, prenumeruoti
prenumeruos, prenumeruoti
prenumeruosime, prenumeruoti
prenumeruosite, prenumeruoti
prenumeruočiau, prenumeruoti
prenumeruotum(ei), prenumeruoti
prenumeruotų, prenumeruoti
prenumeruotu(mė)me, prenumeruoti
prenumeruotu(mė)te, prenumeruoti
prognozuoti, prognozuoti
prognozuoju, prognozuoti
prognozuoji, prognozuoti
prognozuoja, prognozuoti
prognozuojame, prognozuoti
prognozuojate, prognozuoti
prognozuok, prognozuoti
prognozuokite, prognozuoti
prognozuokime, prognozuoti
prognozavau, prognozuoti
prognozavai, prognozuoti
prognozavo, prognozuoti
prognozavome, prognozuoti
prognozavote, prognozuoti
prognozuodavau, prognozuoti
prognozuodavai, prognozuoti
prognozuodavo, prognozuoti
prognozuodavome, prognozuoti
prognozuodavote, prognozuoti
prognozuosiu, prognozuoti
prognozuosi, prognozuoti
prognozuos, prognozuoti
prognozuosime, prognozuoti
prognozuosite, prognozuoti
prognozuočiau, prognozuoti
prognozuotum(ei), prognozuoti
prognozuotų, prognozuoti
prognozuotu(mė)me, prognozuoti
prognozuotu(mė)te, prognozuoti
programuoti, programuoti
programuoju, programuoti
programuoji, programuoti
programuoja, programuoti
programuojame, programuoti
programuojate, programuoti
programuok, programuoti
programuokite, programuoti
programuokime, programuoti
programavau, programuoti
programavai, programuoti
programavo, programuoti
programavome, programuoti
programavote, programuoti
programuodavau, programuoti
programuodavai, programuoti
programuodavo, programuoti
programuodavome, programuoti
programuodavote, programuoti
programuosiu, programuoti
programuosi, programuoti
programuos, programuoti
programuosime, programuoti
programuosite, programuoti
programuočiau, programuoti
programuotum(ei), programuoti
programuotų, programuoti
programuotu(mė)me, programuoti
programuotu(mė)te, programuoti
protestuoti, protestuoti
protestuoju, protestuoti
protestuoji, protestuoti
protestuoja, protestuoti
protestuojame, protestuoti
protestuojate, protestuoti
protestuok, protestuoti
protestuokite, protestuoti
protestuokime, protestuoti
protestavau, protestuoti
protestavai, protestuoti
protestavo, protestuoti
protestavome, protestuoti
protestavote, protestuoti
protestuodavau, protestuoti
protestuodavai, protestuoti
protestuodavo, protestuoti
protestuodavome, protestuoti
protestuodavote, protestuoti
protestuosiu, protestuoti
protestuosi, protestuoti
protestuos, protestuoti
protestuosime, protestuoti
protestuosite, protestuoti
protestuočiau, protestuoti
protestuotum(ei), protestuoti
protestuotų, protestuoti
protestuotu(mė)me, protestuoti
protestuotu(mė)te, protestuoti
pūkšti, pūkšti
pūšku, pūkšti
pūški, pūkšti
pūška, pūkšti
pūškame, pūkšti
pūškate, pūkšti
pūkšk, pūkšti
pūkškite, pūkšti
pūkškime, pūkšti
pūškiau, pūkšti
pūškei, pūkšti
pūškė, pūkšti
pūškėme, pūkšti
pūškėte, pūkšti
pūkšdavau, pūkšti
pūkšdavai, pūkšti
pūkšdavo, pūkšti
pūkšdavome, pūkšti
pūkšdavote, pūkšti
pūkššiu, pūkšti
pūkšši, pūkšti
pūkšš, pūkšti
pūkššime, pūkšti
pūkššite, pūkšti
pūkščiau, pūkšti
pūkštum(ei), pūkšti
pūkštų, pūkšti
pūkštu(mė)me, pūkšti
pūkštu(mė)te, pūkšti
puldinėti, puldinėti
puldinėju, puldinėti
puldinėji, puldinėti
puldinėja, puldinėti
puldinėjame, puldinėti
puldinėjate, puldinėti
puldinėk, puldinėti
puldinėkite, puldinėti
puldinėkime, puldinėti
puldinėjau, puldinėti
puldinėjai, puldinėti
puldinėjo, puldinėti
puldinėjome, puldinėti
puldinėjote, puldinėti
puldinėdavau, puldinėti
puldinėdavai, puldinėti
puldinėdavo, puldinėti
puldinėdavome, puldinėti
puldinėdavote, puldinėti
puldinėsiu, puldinėti
puldinėsi, puldinėti
puldinės, puldinėti
puldinėsime, puldinėti
puldinėsite, puldinėti
puldinėčiau, puldinėti
puldinėtum(ei), puldinėti
puldinėtų, puldinėti
puldinėtu(mė)me, puldinėti
puldinėtu(mė)te, puldinėti
pūliuoti, pūliuoti
pūliuoju, pūliuoti
pūliuoji, pūliuoti
pūliuoja, pūliuoti
pūliuojame, pūliuoti
pūliuojate, pūliuoti
pūliuok, pūliuoti
pūliuokite, pūliuoti
pūliuokime, pūliuoti
pūliavau, pūliuoti
pūliavai, pūliuoti
pūliavo, pūliuoti
pūliavome, pūliuoti
pūliavote, pūliuoti
pūliuodavau, pūliuoti
pūliuodavai, pūliuoti
pūliuodavo, pūliuoti
pūliuodavome, pūliuoti
pūliuodavote, pūliuoti
pūliuosiu, pūliuoti
pūliuosi, pūliuoti
pūliuos, pūliuoti
pūliuosime, pūliuoti
pūliuosite, pūliuoti
pūliuočiau, pūliuoti
pūliuotum(ei), pūliuoti
pūliuotų, pūliuoti
pūliuotu(mė)me, pūliuoti
pūliuotu(mė)te, pūliuoti
pulsuoti, pulsuoti
pulsuoju, pulsuoti
pulsuoji, pulsuoti
pulsuoja, pulsuoti
pulsuojame, pulsuoti
pulsuojate, pulsuoti
pulsuok, pulsuoti
pulsuokite, pulsuoti
pulsuokime, pulsuoti
pulsavau, pulsuoti
pulsavai, pulsuoti
pulsavo, pulsuoti
pulsavome, pulsuoti
pulsavote, pulsuoti
pulsuodavau, pulsuoti
pulsuodavai, pulsuoti
pulsuodavo, pulsuoti
pulsuodavome, pulsuoti
pulsuodavote, pulsuoti
pulsuosiu, pulsuoti
pulsuosi, pulsuoti
pulsuos, pulsuoti
pulsuosime, pulsuoti
pulsuosite, pulsuoti
pulsuočiau, pulsuoti
pulsuotum(ei), pulsuoti
pulsuotų, pulsuoti
pulsuotu(mė)me, pulsuoti
pulsuotu(mė)te, pulsuoti
pulti, pulti
puolu, pulti
puoli, pulti
puola, pulti
puolame, pulti
puolate, pulti
pulk, pulti
pulkite, pulti
pulkime, pulti
puoliau, pulti
puolei, pulti
puolė, pulti
puolėme, pulti
puolėte, pulti
puldavau, pulti
puldavai, pulti
puldavo, pulti
puldavome, pulti
puldavote, pulti
pulsiu, pulti
pulsi, pulti
puls, pulti
pulsime, pulti
pulsite, pulti
pulčiau, pulti
pultum(ei), pulti
pultų, pulti
pultu(mė)me, pulti
pultu(mė)te, pulti
pumpuoti, pumpuoti
pumpuoju, pumpuoti
pumpuoji, pumpuoti
pumpuoja, pumpuoti
pumpuojame, pumpuoti
pumpuojate, pumpuoti
pumpuok, pumpuoti
pumpuokite, pumpuoti
pumpuokime, pumpuoti
pumpavau, pumpuoti
pumpavai, pumpuoti
pumpavo, pumpuoti
pumpavome, pumpuoti
pumpavote, pumpuoti
pumpuodavau, pumpuoti
pumpuodavai, pumpuoti
pumpuodavo, pumpuoti
pumpuodavome, pumpuoti
pumpuodavote, pumpuoti
pumpuosiu, pumpuoti
pumpuosi, pumpuoti
pumpuos, pumpuoti
pumpuosime, pumpuoti
pumpuosite, pumpuoti
pumpuočiau, pumpuoti
pumpuotum(ei), pumpuoti
pumpuotų, pumpuoti
pumpuotu(mė)me, pumpuoti
pumpuotu(mė)te, pumpuoti
puoselėti, puoselėti
puoselėju, puoselėti
puoselėji, puoselėti
puoselėja, puoselėti
puoselėjame, puoselėti
puoselėjate, puoselėti
puoselėk, puoselėti
puoselėkite, puoselėti
puoselėkime, puoselėti
puoselėjau, puoselėti
puoselėjai, puoselėti
puoselėjo, puoselėti
puoselėjome, puoselėti
puoselėjote, puoselėti
puoselėdavau, puoselėti
puoselėdavai, puoselėti
puoselėdavo, puoselėti
puoselėdavome, puoselėti
puoselėdavote, puoselėti
puoselėsiu, puoselėti
puoselėsi, puoselėti
puoselės, puoselėti
puoselėsime, puoselėti
puoselėsite, puoselėti
puoselėčiau, puoselėti
puoselėtum(ei), puoselėti
puoselėtų, puoselėti
puoselėtu(mė)me, puoselėti
puoselėtu(mė)te, puoselėti
puošti, puošti
puošiu, puošti
puoši, puošti
puošia, puošti
puošiame, puošti
puošiate, puošti
puošk, puošti
puoškite, puošti
puoškime, puošti
puošiau, puošti
puošei, puošti
puošė, puošti
puošėme, puošti
puošėte, puošti
puošdavau, puošti
puošdavai, puošti
puošdavo, puošti
puošdavome, puošti
puošdavote, puošti
puoššiu, puošti
puošši, puošti
puošš, puošti
puoššime, puošti
puoššite, puošti
puoščiau, puošti
puoštum(ei), puošti
puoštų, puošti
puoštu(mė)me, puošti
puoštu(mė)te, puošti
purenti, purenti
purenu, purenti
pureni, purenti
purena, purenti
purename, purenti
purenate, purenti
purenk, purenti
purenkite, purenti
purenkime, purenti
purenau, purenti
purenai, purenti
pureno, purenti
purenome, purenti
purenote, purenti
purendavau, purenti
purendavai, purenti
purendavo, purenti
purendavome, purenti
purendavote, purenti
purensiu, purenti
purensi, purenti
purens, purenti
purensime, purenti
purensite, purenti
purenčiau, purenti
purentum(ei), purenti
purentų, purenti
purentu(mė)me, purenti
purentu(mė)te, purenti
purkšti, purkšti
purškiu, purkšti
purški, purkšti
purškia, purkšti
purškiame, purkšti
purškiate, purkšti
purkšk, purkšti
purkškite, purkšti
purkškime, purkšti
purškiau, purkšti
purškei, purkšti
purškė, purkšti
purškėme, purkšti
purškėte, purkšti
purkšdavau, purkšti
purkšdavai, purkšti
purkšdavo, purkšti
purkšdavome, purkšti
purkšdavote, purkšti
purkššiu, purkšti
purkšši, purkšti
purkšš, purkšti
purkššime, purkšti
purkššite, purkšti
purkščiau, purkšti
purkštum(ei), purkšti
purkštų, purkšti
purkštu(mė)me, purkšti
purkštu(mė)te, purkšti
purti, purti
pūru, purti
pūri, purti
pūra, purti
pūrame, purti
pūrate, purti
purk, purti
purkite, purti
purkime, purti
purau, purti
purai, purti
puro, purti
purome, purti
purote, purti
purdavau, purti
purdavai, purti
purdavo, purti
purdavome, purti
purdavote, purti
pursiu, purti
pursi, purti
purs, purti
pursime, purti
pursite, purti
purčiau, purti
purtum(ei), purti
purtų, purti
purtu(mė)me, purti
purtu(mė)te, purti
purtyti, purtyti
purtau, purtyti
purtai, purtyti
purto, purtyti
purtome, purtyti
purtote, purtyti
purtyk, purtyti
purtykite, purtyti
purtykime, purtyti
purtei, purtyti
purtė, purtyti
purtėme, purtyti
purtėte, purtyti
purtydavau, purtyti
purtydavai, purtyti
purtydavo, purtyti
purtydavome, purtyti
purtydavote, purtyti
purtysiu, purtyti
purtysi, purtyti
purtys, purtyti
purtysime, purtyti
purtysite, purtyti
purtyčiau, purtyti
purtytum(ei), purtyti
purtytų, purtyti
purtytu(mė)me, purtyti
purtytu(mė)te, purtyti
purvinti, purvinti
purvinu, purvinti
purvini, purvinti
purvina, purvinti
purviname, purvinti
purvinate, purvinti
purvink, purvinti
purvinkite, purvinti
purvinkime, purvinti
purvinau, purvinti
purvinai, purvinti
purvino, purvinti
purvinome, purvinti
purvinote, purvinti
purvindavau, purvinti
purvindavai, purvinti
purvindavo, purvinti
purvindavome, purvinti
purvindavote, purvinti
purvinsiu, purvinti
purvinsi, purvinti
purvins, purvinti
purvinsime, purvinti
purvinsite, purvinti
purvinčiau, purvinti
purvintum(ei), purvinti
purvintų, purvinti
purvintu(mė)me, purvinti
purvintu(mė)te, purvinti
pūškuoti, pūškuoti
pūškuoju, pūškuoti
pūškuoji, pūškuoti
pūškuoja, pūškuoti
pūškuojame, pūškuoti
pūškuojate, pūškuoti
pūškuok, pūškuoti
pūškuokite, pūškuoti
pūškuokime, pūškuoti
pūškavau, pūškuoti
pūškavai, pūškuoti
pūškavo, pūškuoti
pūškavome, pūškuoti
pūškavote, pūškuoti
pūškuodavau, pūškuoti
pūškuodavai, pūškuoti
pūškuodavo, pūškuoti
pūškuodavome, pūškuoti
pūškuodavote, pūškuoti
pūškuosiu, pūškuoti
pūškuosi, pūškuoti
pūškuos, pūškuoti
pūškuosime, pūškuoti
pūškuosite, pūškuoti
pūškuočiau, pūškuoti
pūškuotum(ei), pūškuoti
pūškuotų, pūškuoti
pūškuotu(mė)me, pūškuoti
pūškuotu(mė)te, pūškuoti
pūsti, pūsti
pučiu, pūsti
puči, pūsti
pučia, pūsti
pučiame, pūsti
pučiate, pūsti
pūsk, pūsti
pūskite, pūsti
pūskime, pūsti
pūtei, pūsti
pūtė, pūsti
pūtėme, pūsti
pūtėte, pūsti
pūsdavau, pūsti
pūsdavai, pūsti
pūsdavo, pūsti
pūsdavome, pūsti
pūsdavote, pūsti
pūsiu, pūsti
pūsi, pūsti
pūs, pūsti
pūsime, pūsti
pūsite, pūsti
pūsčiau, pūsti
pūstum(ei), pūsti
pūstų, pūsti
pūstu(mė)me, pūsti
pūstu(mė)te, pūsti
pustyti, pustyti
pustau, pustyti
pustai, pustyti
pusto, pustyti
pustome, pustyti
pustote, pustyti
pustyk, pustyti
pustykite, pustyti
pustykime, pustyti
pustei, pustyti
pustė, pustyti
pustėme, pustyti
pustėte, pustyti
pustydavau, pustyti
pustydavai, pustyti
pustydavo, pustyti
pustydavome, pustyti
pustydavote, pustyti
pustysiu, pustyti
pustysi, pustyti
pustys, pustyti
pustysime, pustyti
pustysite, pustyti
pustyčiau, pustyti
pustytum(ei), pustyti
pustytų, pustyti
pustytu(mė)me, pustyti
pustytu(mė)te, pustyti
pūti, pūti
pūvu, pūti
pūvi, pūti
pūva, pūti
pūvame, pūti
pūvate, pūti
pūk, pūti
pūkite, pūti
pūkime, pūti
puvau, pūti
puvai, pūti
puvo, pūti
puvome, pūti
puvote, pūti
pūdavau, pūti
pūdavai, pūti
pūdavo, pūti
pūdavome, pūti
pūdavote, pūti
pūsiu, pūti
pūsi, pūti
pus, pūti
pūsime, pūti
pūsite, pūti
pūčiau, pūti
pūtum(ei), pūti
pūtų, pūti
pūtu(mė)me, pūti
pūtu(mė)te, pūti
putoti, putoti
putoju, putoti
putoji, putoti
putoja, putoti
putojame, putoti
putojate, putoti
putok, putoti
putokite, putoti
putokime, putoti
putojau, putoti
putojai, putoti
putojo, putoti
putojome, putoti
putojote, putoti
putodavau, putoti
putodavai, putoti
putodavo, putoti
putodavome, putoti
putodavote, putoti
putosiu, putoti
putosi, putoti
putos, putoti
putosime, putoti
putosite, putoti
putočiau, putoti
putotum(ei), putoti
putotų, putoti
putotu(mė)me, putoti
putotu(mė)te, putoti
pykdyti, pykdyti
pykdžau, pykdyti
pykdai, pykdyti
pykdo, pykdyti
pykdome, pykdyti
pykdote, pykdyti
pykdyk, pykdyti
pykdykite, pykdyti
pykdykime, pykdyti
pykdei, pykdyti
pykdė, pykdyti
pykdėme, pykdyti
pykdėte, pykdyti
pykdydavau, pykdyti
pykdydavai, pykdyti
pykdydavo, pykdyti
pykdydavome, pykdyti
pykdydavote, pykdyti
pykdysiu, pykdyti
pykdysi, pykdyti
pykdys, pykdyti
pykdysime, pykdyti
pykdysite, pykdyti
pykdyčiau, pykdyti
pykdytum(ei), pykdyti
pykdytų, pykdyti
pykdytu(mė)me, pykdyti
pykdytu(mė)te, pykdyti
pykinti, pykinti
pykinu, pykinti
pykini, pykinti
pykina, pykinti
pykiname, pykinti
pykinate, pykinti
pykink, pykinti
pykinkite, pykinti
pykinkime, pykinti
pykinau, pykinti
pykinai, pykinti
pykino, pykinti
pykinome, pykinti
pykinote, pykinti
pykindavau, pykinti
pykindavai, pykinti
pykindavo, pykinti
pykindavome, pykinti
pykindavote, pykinti
pykinsiu, pykinti
pykinsi, pykinti
pykins, pykinti
pykinsime, pykinti
pykinsite, pykinti
pykinčiau, pykinti
pykintum(ei), pykinti
pykintų, pykinti
pykintu(mė)me, pykinti
pykintu(mė)te, pykinti
pykti, pykti
pykstu, pykti
pyksti, pykti
pyksta, pykti
pykstame, pykti
pykstate, pykti
pyk, pykti
pykite, pykti
pykime, pykti
pykau, pykti
pykai, pykti
pyko, pykti
pykome, pykti
pykote, pykti
pykdavau, pykti
pykdavai, pykti
pykdavo, pykti
pykdavome, pykti
pykdavote, pykti
pyksiu, pykti
pyksi, pykti
pyks, pykti
pyksime, pykti
pyksite, pykti
pykčiau, pykti
pyktum(ei), pykti
pyktų, pykti
pyktu(mė)me, pykti
pyktu(mė)te, pykti
pypsėti, pypsėti
pypsiu, pypsėti
pypsi, pypsėti
pypsi, pypsėti
pypsime, pypsėti
pypsite, pypsėti
pypsėk, pypsėti
pypsėkite, pypsėti
pypsėkime, pypsėti
pypsėjau, pypsėti
pypsėjai, pypsėti
pypsėjo, pypsėti
pypsėjome, pypsėti
pypsėjote, pypsėti
pypsėdavau, pypsėti
pypsėdavai, pypsėti
pypsėdavo, pypsėti
pypsėdavome, pypsėti
pypsėdavote, pypsėti
pypsėsiu, pypsėti
pypsėsi, pypsėti
pypsės, pypsėti
pypsėsime, pypsėti
pypsėsite, pypsėti
pypsėčiau, pypsėti
pypsėtum(ei), pypsėti
pypsėtų, pypsėti
pypsėtu(mė)me, pypsėti
pypsėtu(mė)te, pypsėti
pypsinti, pypsinti
pypsinu, pypsinti
pypsini, pypsinti
pypsina, pypsinti
pypsiname, pypsinti
pypsinate, pypsinti
pypsink, pypsinti
pypsinkite, pypsinti
pypsinkime, pypsinti
pypsinau, pypsinti
pypsinai, pypsinti
pypsino, pypsinti
pypsinome, pypsinti
pypsinote, pypsinti
pypsindavau, pypsinti
pypsindavai, pypsinti
pypsindavo, pypsinti
pypsindavome, pypsinti
pypsindavote, pypsinti
pypsinsiu, pypsinti
pypsinsi, pypsinti
pypsins, pypsinti
pypsinsime, pypsinti
pypsinsite, pypsinti
pypsinčiau, pypsinti
pypsintum(ei), pypsinti
pypsintų, pypsinti
pypsintu(mė)me, pypsinti
pypsintu(mė)te, pypsinti
pyškėti, pyškėti
pyšku, pyškėti
pyški, pyškėti
pyška, pyškėti
pyškame, pyškėti
pyškate, pyškėti
pyškėk, pyškėti
pyškėkite, pyškėti
pyškėkime, pyškėti
pyškėjau, pyškėti
pyškėjai, pyškėti
pyškėjo, pyškėti
pyškėjome, pyškėti
pyškėjote, pyškėti
pyškėdavau, pyškėti
pyškėdavai, pyškėti
pyškėdavo, pyškėti
pyškėdavome, pyškėti
pyškėdavote, pyškėti
pyškėsiu, pyškėti
pyškėsi, pyškėti
pyškės, pyškėti
pyškėsime, pyškėti
pyškėsite, pyškėti
pyškėčiau, pyškėti
pyškėtum(ei), pyškėti
pyškėtų, pyškėti
pyškėtu(mė)me, pyškėti
pyškėtu(mė)te, pyškėti
ragauti, ragauti
ragauju, ragauti
ragauji, ragauti
ragauja, ragauti
ragaujame, ragauti
ragaujate, ragauti
ragauk, ragauti
ragaukite, ragauti
ragaukime, ragauti
ragavau, ragauti
ragavai, ragauti
ragavo, ragauti
ragavome, ragauti
ragavote, ragauti
ragaudavau, ragauti
ragaudavai, ragauti
ragaudavo, ragauti
ragaudavome, ragauti
ragaudavote, ragauti
ragausiu, ragauti
ragausi, ragauti
ragaus, ragauti
ragausime, ragauti
ragausite, ragauti
ragaučiau, ragauti
ragautum(ei), ragauti
ragautų, ragauti
ragautu(mė)me, ragauti
ragautu(mė)te, ragauti
raginti, raginti
raginu, raginti
ragini, raginti
ragina, raginti
raginame, raginti
raginate, raginti
ragink, raginti
raginkite, raginti
raginkime, raginti
raginau, raginti
raginai, raginti
ragino, raginti
raginome, raginti
raginote, raginti
ragindavau, raginti
ragindavai, raginti
ragindavo, raginti
ragindavome, raginti
ragindavote, raginti
raginsiu, raginti
raginsi, raginti
ragins, raginti
raginsime, raginti
raginsite, raginti
raginčiau, raginti
ragintum(ei), raginti
ragintų, raginti
ragintu(mė)me, raginti
ragintu(mė)te, raginti
raikyti, raikyti
raikau, raikyti
raikai, raikyti
raiko, raikyti
raikome, raikyti
raikote, raikyti
raikyk, raikyti
raikykite, raikyti
raikykime, raikyti
raikiau, raikyti
raikei, raikyti
raikė, raikyti
raikėme, raikyti
raikėte, raikyti
raikydavau, raikyti
raikydavai, raikyti
raikydavo, raikyti
raikydavome, raikyti
raikydavote, raikyti
raikysiu, raikyti
raikysi, raikyti
raikys, raikyti
raikysime, raikyti
raikysite, raikyti
raikyčiau, raikyti
raikytum(ei), raikyti
raikytų, raikyti
raikytu(mė)me, raikyti
raikytu(mė)te, raikyti
raitoti, raitoti
raitoju, raitoti
raitoji, raitoti
raitoja, raitoti
raitojame, raitoti
raitojate, raitoti
raitok, raitoti
raitokite, raitoti
raitokime, raitoti
raitojau, raitoti
raitojai, raitoti
raitojo, raitoti
raitojome, raitoti
raitojote, raitoti
raitodavau, raitoti
raitodavai, raitoti
raitodavo, raitoti
raitodavome, raitoti
raitodavote, raitoti
raitosiu, raitoti
raitosi, raitoti
raitos, raitoti
raitosime, raitoti
raitosite, raitoti
raitočiau, raitoti
raitotum(ei), raitoti
raitotų, raitoti
raitotu(mė)me, raitoti
raitotu(mė)te, raitoti
raityti, raityti
raitau, raityti
raitai, raityti
raito, raityti
raitome, raityti
raitote, raityti
raityk, raityti
raitykite, raityti
raitykime, raityti
raitei, raityti
raitė, raityti
raitėme, raityti
raitėte, raityti
raitydavau, raityti
raitydavai, raityti
raitydavo, raityti
raitydavome, raityti
raitydavote, raityti
raitysiu, raityti
raitysi, raityti
raitys, raityti
raitysime, raityti
raitysite, raityti
raityčiau, raityti
raitytum(ei), raityti
raitytų, raityti
raitytu(mė)me, raityti
raitytu(mė)te, raityti
raiyti, raiyti
raitau, raiyti
raitai, raiyti
raito, raiyti
raitome, raiyti
raitote, raiyti
raiyk, raiyti
raiykite, raiyti
raiykime, raiyti
raitei, raiyti
raitė, raiyti
raitėme, raiyti
raitėte, raiyti
raiydavau, raiyti
raiydavai, raiyti
raiydavo, raiyti
raiydavome, raiyti
raiydavote, raiyti
raiysiu, raiyti
raiysi, raiyti
raiys, raiyti
raiysime, raiyti
raiysite, raiyti
raiyčiau, raiyti
raiytum(ei), raiyti
raiytų, raiyti
raiytu(mė)me, raiyti
raiytu(mė)te, raiyti
raižioti, raižioti
raižioju, raižioti
raižioji, raižioti
raižioja, raižioti
raižiojame, raižioti
raižiojate, raižioti
raižiok, raižioti
raižiokite, raižioti
raižiokime, raižioti
raižiojau, raižioti
raižiojai, raižioti
raižiojo, raižioti
raižiojome, raižioti
raižiojote, raižioti
raižiodavau, raižioti
raižiodavai, raižioti
raižiodavo, raižioti
raižiodavome, raižioti
raižiodavote, raižioti
raižiosiu, raižioti
raižiosi, raižioti
raižios, raižioti
raižiosime, raižioti
raižiosite, raižioti
raižiočiau, raižioti
raižiotum(ei), raižioti
raižiotų, raižioti
raižiotu(mė)me, raižioti
raižiotu(mė)te, raižioti
raižyti, raižyti
raižau, raižyti
raižai, raižyti
raižo, raižyti
raižome, raižyti
raižote, raižyti
raižyk, raižyti
raižykite, raižyti
raižykime, raižyti
raižiau, raižyti
raižei, raižyti
raižė, raižyti
raižėme, raižyti
raižėte, raižyti
raižydavau, raižyti
raižydavai, raižyti
raižydavo, raižyti
raižydavome, raižyti
raižydavote, raižyti
raižysiu, raižyti
raižysi, raižyti
raižys, raižyti
raižysime, raižyti
raižysite, raižyti
raižyčiau, raižyti
raižytum(ei), raižyti
raižytų, raižyti
raižytu(mė)me, raižyti
raižytu(mė)te, raižyti
rakinti, rakinti
rakinu, rakinti
rakini, rakinti
rakina, rakinti
rakiname, rakinti
rakinate, rakinti
rakink, rakinti
rakinkite, rakinti
rakinkime, rakinti
rakinau, rakinti
rakinai, rakinti
rakino, rakinti
rakinome, rakinti
rakinote, rakinti
rakindavau, rakinti
rakindavai, rakinti
rakindavo, rakinti
rakindavome, rakinti
rakindavote, rakinti
rakinsiu, rakinti
rakinsi, rakinti
rakins, rakinti
rakinsime, rakinti
rakinsite, rakinti
rakinčiau, rakinti
rakintum(ei), rakinti
rakintų, rakinti
rakintu(mė)me, rakinti
rakintu(mė)te, rakinti
raminti, raminti
raminu, raminti
ramini, raminti
ramina, raminti
raminame, raminti
raminate, raminti
ramink, raminti
raminkite, raminti
raminkime, raminti
raminau, raminti
raminai, raminti
ramino, raminti
raminome, raminti
raminote, raminti
ramindavau, raminti
ramindavai, raminti
ramindavo, raminti
ramindavome, raminti
ramindavote, raminti
raminsiu, raminti
raminsi, raminti
ramins, raminti
raminsime, raminti
raminsite, raminti
raminčiau, raminti
ramintum(ei), raminti
ramintų, raminti
ramintu(mė)me, raminti
ramintu(mė)te, raminti
rangyti, rangyti
rangau, rangyti
rangai, rangyti
rango, rangyti
rangome, rangyti
rangote, rangyti
rangyk, rangyti
rangykite, rangyti
rangykime, rangyti
rangiau, rangyti
rangei, rangyti
rangė, rangyti
rangėme, rangyti
rangėte, rangyti
rangydavau, rangyti
rangydavai, rangyti
rangydavo, rangyti
rangydavome, rangyti
rangydavote, rangyti
rangysiu, rangyti
rangysi, rangyti
rangys, rangyti
rangysime, rangyti
rangysite, rangyti
rangyčiau, rangyti
rangytum(ei), rangyti
rangytų, rangyti
rangytu(mė)me, rangyti
rangytu(mė)te, rangyti
rankyti, rankyti
rankau, rankyti
rankai, rankyti
ranko, rankyti
rankome, rankyti
rankote, rankyti
rankyk, rankyti
rankykite, rankyti
rankykime, rankyti
rankiau, rankyti
rankei, rankyti
rankė, rankyti
rankėme, rankyti
rankėte, rankyti
rankydavau, rankyti
rankydavai, rankyti
rankydavo, rankyti
rankydavome, rankyti
rankydavote, rankyti
rankysiu, rankyti
rankysi, rankyti
rankys, rankyti
rankysime, rankyti
rankysite, rankyti
rankyčiau, rankyti
rankytum(ei), rankyti
rankytų, rankyti
rankytu(mė)me, rankyti
rankytu(mė)te, rankyti
rašinėti, rašinėti
rašinėju, rašinėti
rašinėji, rašinėti
rašinėja, rašinėti
rašinėjame, rašinėti
rašinėjate, rašinėti
rašinėk, rašinėti
rašinėkite, rašinėti
rašinėkime, rašinėti
rašinėjau, rašinėti
rašinėjai, rašinėti
rašinėjo, rašinėti
rašinėjome, rašinėti
rašinėjote, rašinėti
rašinėdavau, rašinėti
rašinėdavai, rašinėti
rašinėdavo, rašinėti
rašinėdavome, rašinėti
rašinėdavote, rašinėti
rašinėsiu, rašinėti
rašinėsi, rašinėti
rašinės, rašinėti
rašinėsime, rašinėti
rašinėsite, rašinėti
rašinėčiau, rašinėti
rašinėtum(ei), rašinėti
rašinėtų, rašinėti
rašinėtu(mė)me, rašinėti
rašinėtu(mė)te, rašinėti
rasoti, rasoti
rasoju, rasoti
rasoji, rasoti
rasoja, rasoti
rasojame, rasoti
rasojate, rasoti
rasok, rasoti
rasokite, rasoti
rasokime, rasoti
rasojau, rasoti
rasojai, rasoti
rasojo, rasoti
rasojome, rasoti
rasojote, rasoti
rasodavau, rasoti
rasodavai, rasoti
rasodavo, rasoti
rasodavome, rasoti
rasodavote, rasoti
rasosiu, rasoti
rasosi, rasoti
rasos, rasoti
rasosime, rasoti
rasosite, rasoti
rasočiau, rasoti
rasotum(ei), rasoti
rasotų, rasoti
rasotu(mė)me, rasoti
rasotu(mė)te, rasoti
rasti, rasti
randžu, rasti
randi, rasti
randa, rasti
randame, rasti
randate, rasti
rask, rasti
raskite, rasti
raskime, rasti
radau, rasti
radai, rasti
rado, rasti
radome, rasti
radote, rasti
rasdavau, rasti
rasdavai, rasti
rasdavo, rasti
rasdavome, rasti
rasdavote, rasti
rasiu, rasti
rasi, rasti
ras, rasti
rasime, rasti
rasite, rasti
rasčiau, rasti
rastum(ei), rasti
rastų, rasti
rastu(mė)me, rasti
rastu(mė)te, rasti
rašyti, rašyti
rašau, rašyti
rašai, rašyti
rašo, rašyti
rašome, rašyti
rašote, rašyti
rašyk, rašyti
rašykite, rašyti
rašykime, rašyti
rašiau, rašyti
rašei, rašyti
rašė, rašyti
rašėme, rašyti
rašėte, rašyti
rašydavau, rašyti
rašydavai, rašyti
rašydavo, rašyti
rašydavome, rašyti
rašydavote, rašyti
rašysiu, rašyti
rašysi, rašyti
rašys, rašyti
rašysime, rašyti
rašysite, rašyti
rašyčiau, rašyti
rašytum(ei), rašyti
rašytų, rašyti
rašytu(mė)me, rašyti
rašytu(mė)te, rašyti
raudonėti, raudonėti
raudonėju, raudonėti
raudonėji, raudonėti
raudonėja, raudonėti
raudonėjame, raudonėti
raudonėjate, raudonėti
raudonėk, raudonėti
raudonėkite, raudonėti
raudonėkime, raudonėti
raudonėjau, raudonėti
raudonėjai, raudonėti
raudonėjo, raudonėti
raudonėjome, raudonėti
raudonėjote, raudonėti
raudonėdavau, raudonėti
raudonėdavai, raudonėti
raudonėdavo, raudonėti
raudonėdavome, raudonėti
raudonėdavote, raudonėti
raudonėsiu, raudonėti
raudonėsi, raudonėti
raudonės, raudonėti
raudonėsime, raudonėti
raudonėsite, raudonėti
raudonėčiau, raudonėti
raudonėtum(ei), raudonėti
raudonėtų, raudonėti
raudonėtu(mė)me, raudonėti
raudonėtu(mė)te, raudonėti
raudoninti, raudoninti
raudoninu, raudoninti
raudonini, raudoninti
raudonina, raudoninti
raudoniname, raudoninti
raudoninate, raudoninti
raudonink, raudoninti
raudoninkite, raudoninti
raudoninkime, raudoninti
raudoninau, raudoninti
raudoninai, raudoninti
raudonino, raudoninti
raudoninome, raudoninti
raudoninote, raudoninti
raudonindavau, raudoninti
raudonindavai, raudoninti
raudonindavo, raudoninti
raudonindavome, raudoninti
raudonindavote, raudoninti
raudoninsiu, raudoninti
raudoninsi, raudoninti
raudonins, raudoninti
raudoninsime, raudoninti
raudoninsite, raudoninti
raudoninčiau, raudoninti
raudonintum(ei), raudoninti
raudonintų, raudoninti
raudonintu(mė)me, raudoninti
raudonintu(mė)te, raudoninti
raudonuoti, raudonuoti
raudonuoju, raudonuoti
raudonuoji, raudonuoti
raudonuoja, raudonuoti
raudonuojame, raudonuoti
raudonuojate, raudonuoti
raudonuok, raudonuoti
raudonuokite, raudonuoti
raudonuokime, raudonuoti
raudonavau, raudonuoti
raudonavai, raudonuoti
raudonavo, raudonuoti
raudonavome, raudonuoti
raudonavote, raudonuoti
raudonuodavau, raudonuoti
raudonuodavai, raudonuoti
raudonuodavo, raudonuoti
raudonuodavome, raudonuoti
raudonuodavote, raudonuoti
raudonuosiu, raudonuoti
raudonuosi, raudonuoti
raudonuos, raudonuoti
raudonuosime, raudonuoti
raudonuosite, raudonuoti
raudonuočiau, raudonuoti
raudonuotum(ei), raudonuoti
raudonuotų, raudonuoti
raudonuotu(mė)me, raudonuoti
raudonuotu(mė)te, raudonuoti
raudoti, raudoti
raudžu, raudoti
raudi, raudoti
rauda, raudoti
raudame, raudoti
raudate, raudoti
raudok, raudoti
raudokite, raudoti
raudokime, raudoti
raudojau, raudoti
raudojai, raudoti
raudojo, raudoti
raudojome, raudoti
raudojote, raudoti
raudodavau, raudoti
raudodavai, raudoti
raudodavo, raudoti
raudodavome, raudoti
raudodavote, raudoti
raudosiu, raudoti
raudosi, raudoti
raudos, raudoti
raudosime, raudoti
raudosite, raudoti
raudočiau, raudoti
raudotum(ei), raudoti
raudotų, raudoti
raudotu(mė)me, raudoti
raudotu(mė)te, raudoti
rauginti, rauginti
rauginu, rauginti
raugini, rauginti
raugina, rauginti
rauginame, rauginti
rauginate, rauginti
raugink, rauginti
rauginkite, rauginti
rauginkime, rauginti
rauginau, rauginti
rauginai, rauginti
raugino, rauginti
rauginome, rauginti
rauginote, rauginti
raugindavau, rauginti
raugindavai, rauginti
raugindavo, rauginti
raugindavome, rauginti
raugindavote, rauginti
rauginsiu, rauginti
rauginsi, rauginti
raugins, rauginti
rauginsime, rauginti
rauginsite, rauginti
rauginčiau, rauginti
raugintum(ei), rauginti
raugintų, rauginti
raugintu(mė)me, rauginti
raugintu(mė)te, rauginti
raugti, raugti
raugiu, raugti
raugi, raugti
raugia, raugti
raugiame, raugti
raugiate, raugti
rauk, raugti
raukite, raugti
raukime, raugti
raugiau, raugti
raugei, raugti
raugė, raugti
raugėme, raugti
raugėte, raugti
raugdavau, raugti
raugdavai, raugti
raugdavo, raugti
raugdavome, raugti
raugdavote, raugti
raugsiu, raugti
raugsi, raugti
raugs, raugti
raugsime, raugti
raugsite, raugti
raugčiau, raugti
raugtum(ei), raugti
raugtų, raugti
raugtu(mė)me, raugti
raugtu(mė)te, raugti
raukšlėti, raukšlėti
raukšlėju, raukšlėti
raukšlėji, raukšlėti
raukšlėja, raukšlėti
raukšlėjame, raukšlėti
raukšlėjate, raukšlėti
raukšlėk, raukšlėti
raukšlėkite, raukšlėti
raukšlėkime, raukšlėti
raukšlėjau, raukšlėti
raukšlėjai, raukšlėti
raukšlėjo, raukšlėti
raukšlėjome, raukšlėti
raukšlėjote, raukšlėti
raukšlėdavau, raukšlėti
raukšlėdavai, raukšlėti
raukšlėdavo, raukšlėti
raukšlėdavome, raukšlėti
raukšlėdavote, raukšlėti
raukšlėsiu, raukšlėti
raukšlėsi, raukšlėti
raukšlės, raukšlėti
raukšlėsime, raukšlėti
raukšlėsite, raukšlėti
raukšlėčiau, raukšlėti
raukšlėtum(ei), raukšlėti
raukšlėtų, raukšlėti
raukšlėtu(mė)me, raukšlėti
raukšlėtu(mė)te, raukšlėti
raukti, raukti
raukiu, raukti
rauki, raukti
raukia, raukti
raukiame, raukti
raukiate, raukti
rauk, raukti
raukite, raukti
raukime, raukti
raukiau, raukti
raukei, raukti
raukė, raukti
raukėme, raukti
raukėte, raukti
raukdavau, raukti
raukdavai, raukti
raukdavo, raukti
raukdavome, raukti
raukdavote, raukti
rauksiu, raukti
rauksi, raukti
rauks, raukti
rauksime, raukti
rauksite, raukti
raukčiau, raukti
rauktum(ei), raukti
rauktų, raukti
rauktu(mė)me, raukti
rauktu(mė)te, raukti
rausti, rausti
raustu, rausti
rausti, rausti
rausta, rausti
raustame, rausti
raustate, rausti
rausk, rausti
rauskite, rausti
rauskime, rausti
raudau, rausti
raudai, rausti
raudo, rausti
raudome, rausti
raudote, rausti
rausdavau, rausti
rausdavai, rausti
rausdavo, rausti
rausdavome, rausti
rausdavote, rausti
rausiu, rausti
rausi, rausti
raus, rausti
rausime, rausti
rausite, rausti
rausčiau, rausti
raustum(ei), rausti
raustų, rausti
raustu(mė)me, rausti
raustu(mė)te, rausti
rausvinti, rausvinti
rausvinu, rausvinti
rausvini, rausvinti
rausvina, rausvinti
rausviname, rausvinti
rausvinate, rausvinti
rausvink, rausvinti
rausvinkite, rausvinti
rausvinkime, rausvinti
rausvinau, rausvinti
rausvinai, rausvinti
rausvino, rausvinti
rausvinome, rausvinti
rausvinote, rausvinti
rausvindavau, rausvinti
rausvindavai, rausvinti
rausvindavo, rausvinti
rausvindavome, rausvinti
rausvindavote, rausvinti
rausvinsiu, rausvinti
rausvinsi, rausvinti
rausvins, rausvinti
rausvinsime, rausvinti
rausvinsite, rausvinti
rausvinčiau, rausvinti
rausvintum(ei), rausvinti
rausvintų, rausvinti
rausvintu(mė)me, rausvinti
rausvintu(mė)te, rausvinti
rauti, rauti
raunu, rauti
rauni, rauti
rauna, rauti
rauname, rauti
raunate, rauti
rauk, rauti
raukite, rauti
raukime, rauti
roviau, rauti
rovei, rauti
rovė, rauti
rovėme, rauti
rovėte, rauti
raudavau, rauti
raudavai, rauti
raudavo, rauti
raudavome, rauti
raudavote, rauti
rausiu, rauti
rausi, rauti
raus, rauti
rausime, rauti
rausite, rauti
raučiau, rauti
rautum(ei), rauti
rautų, rauti
rautu(mė)me, rauti
rautu(mė)te, rauti
reaguoti, reaguoti
reaguoju, reaguoti
reaguoji, reaguoti
reaguoja, reaguoti
reaguojame, reaguoti
reaguojate, reaguoti
reaguok, reaguoti
reaguokite, reaguoti
reaguokime, reaguoti
reagavau, reaguoti
reagavai, reaguoti
reagavo, reaguoti
reagavome, reaguoti
reagavote, reaguoti
reaguodavau, reaguoti
reaguodavai, reaguoti
reaguodavo, reaguoti
reaguodavome, reaguoti
reaguodavote, reaguoti
reaguosiu, reaguoti
reaguosi, reaguoti
reaguos, reaguoti
reaguosime, reaguoti
reaguosite, reaguoti
reaguočiau, reaguoti
reaguotum(ei), reaguoti
reaguotų, reaguoti
reaguotu(mė)me, reaguoti
reaguotu(mė)te, reaguoti
realizuoti, realizuoti
realizuoju, realizuoti
realizuoji, realizuoti
realizuoja, realizuoti
realizuojame, realizuoti
realizuojate, realizuoti
realizuok, realizuoti
realizuokite, realizuoti
realizuokime, realizuoti
realizavau, realizuoti
realizavai, realizuoti
realizavo, realizuoti
realizavome, realizuoti
realizavote, realizuoti
realizuodavau, realizuoti
realizuodavai, realizuoti
realizuodavo, realizuoti
realizuodavome, realizuoti
realizuodavote, realizuoti
realizuosiu, realizuoti
realizuosi, realizuoti
realizuos, realizuoti
realizuosime, realizuoti
realizuosite, realizuoti
realizuočiau, realizuoti
realizuotum(ei), realizuoti
realizuotų, realizuoti
realizuotu(mė)me, realizuoti
realizuotu(mė)te, realizuoti
redaguoti, redaguoti
redaguoju, redaguoti
redaguoji, redaguoti
redaguoja, redaguoti
redaguojame, redaguoti
redaguojate, redaguoti
redaguok, redaguoti
redaguokite, redaguoti
redaguokime, redaguoti
redagavau, redaguoti
redagavai, redaguoti
redagavo, redaguoti
redagavome, redaguoti
redagavote, redaguoti
redaguodavau, redaguoti
redaguodavai, redaguoti
redaguodavo, redaguoti
redaguodavome, redaguoti
redaguodavote, redaguoti
redaguosiu, redaguoti
redaguosi, redaguoti
redaguos, redaguoti
redaguosime, redaguoti
redaguosite, redaguoti
redaguočiau, redaguoti
redaguotum(ei), redaguoti
redaguotų, redaguoti
redaguotu(mė)me, redaguoti
redaguotu(mė)te, redaguoti
regėti, regėti
regiu, regėti
regi, regėti
regi, regėti
regime, regėti
regite, regėti
regėk, regėti
regėkite, regėti
regėkime, regėti
regėjau, regėti
regėjai, regėti
regėjo, regėti
regėjome, regėti
regėjote, regėti
regėdavau, regėti
regėdavai, regėti
regėdavo, regėti
regėdavome, regėti
regėdavote, regėti
regėsiu, regėti
regėsi, regėti
regės, regėti
regėsime, regėti
regėsite, regėti
regėčiau, regėti
regėtum(ei), regėti
regėtų, regėti
regėtu(mė)me, regėti
regėtu(mė)te, regėti
registruoti, registruoti
registruoju, registruoti
registruoji, registruoti
registruoja, registruoti
registruojame, registruoti
registruojate, registruoti
registruok, registruoti
registruokite, registruoti
registruokime, registruoti
registravau, registruoti
registravai, registruoti
registravo, registruoti
registravome, registruoti
registravote, registruoti
registruodavau, registruoti
registruodavai, registruoti
registruodavo, registruoti
registruodavome, registruoti
registruodavote, registruoti
registruosiu, registruoti
registruosi, registruoti
registruos, registruoti
registruosime, registruoti
registruosite, registruoti
registruočiau, registruoti
registruotum(ei), registruoti
registruotų, registruoti
registruotu(mė)me, registruoti
registruotu(mė)te, registruoti
reguliuoti, reguliuoti
reguliuoju, reguliuoti
reguliuoji, reguliuoti
reguliuoja, reguliuoti
reguliuojame, reguliuoti
reguliuojate, reguliuoti
reguliuok, reguliuoti
reguliuokite, reguliuoti
reguliuokime, reguliuoti
reguliavau, reguliuoti
reguliavai, reguliuoti
reguliavo, reguliuoti
reguliavome, reguliuoti
reguliavote, reguliuoti
reguliuodavau, reguliuoti
reguliuodavai, reguliuoti
reguliuodavo, reguliuoti
reguliuodavome, reguliuoti
reguliuodavote, reguliuoti
reguliuosiu, reguliuoti
reguliuosi, reguliuoti
reguliuos, reguliuoti
reguliuosime, reguliuoti
reguliuosite, reguliuoti
reguliuočiau, reguliuoti
reguliuotum(ei), reguliuoti
reguliuotų, reguliuoti
reguliuotu(mė)me, reguliuoti
reguliuotu(mė)te, reguliuoti
regzti, regzti
rezgu, regzti
rezgi, regzti
rezga, regzti
rezgame, regzti
rezgate, regzti
regzk, regzti
regzkite, regzti
regzkime, regzti
rezgiau, regzti
rezgei, regzti
rezgė, regzti
rezgėme, regzti
rezgėte, regzti
regzdavau, regzti
regzdavai, regzti
regzdavo, regzti
regzdavome, regzti
regzdavote, regzti
regzsiu, regzti
regzsi, regzti
regzs, regzti
regzsime, regzti
regzsite, regzti
regzčiau, regzti
regztum(ei), regzti
regztų, regzti
regztu(mė)me, regzti
regztu(mė)te, regzti
reikalauti, reikalauti
reikalauju, reikalauti
reikalauji, reikalauti
reikalauja, reikalauti
reikalaujame, reikalauti
reikalaujate, reikalauti
reikalauk, reikalauti
reikalaukite, reikalauti
reikalaukime, reikalauti
reikalavau, reikalauti
reikalavai, reikalauti
reikalavo, reikalauti
reikalavome, reikalauti
reikalavote, reikalauti
reikalaudavau, reikalauti
reikalaudavai, reikalauti
reikalaudavo, reikalauti
reikalaudavome, reikalauti
reikalaudavote, reikalauti
reikalausiu, reikalauti
reikalausi, reikalauti
reikalaus, reikalauti
reikalausime, reikalauti
reikalausite, reikalauti
reikalaučiau, reikalauti
reikalautum(ei), reikalauti
reikalautų, reikalauti
reikalautu(mė)me, reikalauti
reikalautu(mė)te, reikalauti
reikėti, reikėti
reikiu, reikėti
reiki, reikėti
reikia, reikėti
reikiame, reikėti
reikiate, reikėti
reikėk, reikėti
reikėkite, reikėti
reikėkime, reikėti
reikėjau, reikėti
reikėjai, reikėti
reikėjo, reikėti
reikėjome, reikėti
reikėjote, reikėti
reikėdavau, reikėti
reikėdavai, reikėti
reikėdavo, reikėti
reikėdavome, reikėti
reikėdavote, reikėti
reikėsiu, reikėti
reikėsi, reikėti
reikės, reikėti
reikėsime, reikėti
reikėsite, reikėti
reikėčiau, reikėti
reikėtum(ei), reikėti
reikėtų, reikėti
reikėtu(mė)me, reikėti
reikėtu(mė)te, reikėti
reikšti, reikšti
reiškiu, reikšti
reiški, reikšti
reiškia, reikšti
reiškiame, reikšti
reiškiate, reikšti
reikšk, reikšti
reikškite, reikšti
reikškime, reikšti
reiškiau, reikšti
reiškei, reikšti
reiškė, reikšti
reiškėme, reikšti
reiškėte, reikšti
reikšdavau, reikšti
reikšdavai, reikšti
reikšdavo, reikšti
reikšdavome, reikšti
reikšdavote, reikšti
reikššiu, reikšti
reikšši, reikšti
reikšš, reikšti
reikššime, reikšti
reikššite, reikšti
reikščiau, reikšti
reikštum(ei), reikšti
reikštų, reikšti
reikštu(mė)me, reikšti
reikštu(mė)te, reikšti
reikti, reikti
reikiu, reikti
reiki, reikti
reikia, reikti
reikiame, reikti
reikiate, reikti
reik, reikti
reikite, reikti
reikime, reikti
reikiau, reikti
reikei, reikti
reikė, reikti
reikėme, reikti
reikėte, reikti
reikdavau, reikti
reikdavai, reikti
reikdavo, reikti
reikdavome, reikti
reikdavote, reikti
reiksiu, reikti
reiksi, reikti
reiks, reikti
reiksime, reikti
reiksite, reikti
reikčiau, reikti
reiktum(ei), reikti
reiktų, reikti
reiktu(mė)me, reikti
reiktu(mė)te, reikti
rėkauti, rėkauti
rėkauju, rėkauti
rėkauji, rėkauti
rėkauja, rėkauti
rėkaujame, rėkauti
rėkaujate, rėkauti
rėkauk, rėkauti
rėkaukite, rėkauti
rėkaukime, rėkauti
rėkavau, rėkauti
rėkavai, rėkauti
rėkavo, rėkauti
rėkavome, rėkauti
rėkavote, rėkauti
rėkaudavau, rėkauti
rėkaudavai, rėkauti
rėkaudavo, rėkauti
rėkaudavome, rėkauti
rėkaudavote, rėkauti
rėkausiu, rėkauti
rėkausi, rėkauti
rėkaus, rėkauti
rėkausime, rėkauti
rėkausite, rėkauti
rėkaučiau, rėkauti
rėkautum(ei), rėkauti
rėkautų, rėkauti
rėkautu(mė)me, rėkauti
rėkautu(mė)te, rėkauti
reklamuoti, reklamuoti
reklamuoju, reklamuoti
reklamuoji, reklamuoti
reklamuoja, reklamuoti
reklamuojame, reklamuoti
reklamuojate, reklamuoti
reklamuok, reklamuoti
reklamuokite, reklamuoti
reklamuokime, reklamuoti
reklamavau, reklamuoti
reklamavai, reklamuoti
reklamavo, reklamuoti
reklamavome, reklamuoti
reklamavote, reklamuoti
reklamuodavau, reklamuoti
reklamuodavai, reklamuoti
reklamuodavo, reklamuoti
reklamuodavome, reklamuoti
reklamuodavote, reklamuoti
reklamuosiu, reklamuoti
reklamuosi, reklamuoti
reklamuos, reklamuoti
reklamuosime, reklamuoti
reklamuosite, reklamuoti
reklamuočiau, reklamuoti
reklamuotum(ei), reklamuoti
reklamuotų, reklamuoti
reklamuotu(mė)me, reklamuoti
reklamuotu(mė)te, reklamuoti
rekomenduoti, rekomenduoti
rekomenduoju, rekomenduoti
rekomenduoji, rekomenduoti
rekomenduoja, rekomenduoti
rekomenduojame, rekomenduoti
rekomenduojate, rekomenduoti
rekomenduok, rekomenduoti
rekomenduokite, rekomenduoti
rekomenduokime, rekomenduoti
rekomendavau, rekomenduoti
rekomendavai, rekomenduoti
rekomendavo, rekomenduoti
rekomendavome, rekomenduoti
rekomendavote, rekomenduoti
rekomenduodavau, rekomenduoti
rekomenduodavai, rekomenduoti
rekomenduodavo, rekomenduoti
rekomenduodavome, rekomenduoti
rekomenduodavote, rekomenduoti
rekomenduosiu, rekomenduoti
rekomenduosi, rekomenduoti
rekomenduos, rekomenduoti
rekomenduosime, rekomenduoti
rekomenduosite, rekomenduoti
rekomenduočiau, rekomenduoti
rekomenduotum(ei), rekomenduoti
rekomenduotų, rekomenduoti
rekomenduotu(mė)me, rekomenduoti
rekomenduotu(mė)te, rekomenduoti
rekonstruoti, rekonstruoti
rekonstruoju, rekonstruoti
rekonstruoji, rekonstruoti
rekonstruoja, rekonstruoti
rekonstruojame, rekonstruoti
rekonstruojate, rekonstruoti
rekonstruok, rekonstruoti
rekonstruokite, rekonstruoti
rekonstruokime, rekonstruoti
rekonstravau, rekonstruoti
rekonstravai, rekonstruoti
rekonstravo, rekonstruoti
rekonstravome, rekonstruoti
rekonstravote, rekonstruoti
rekonstruodavau, rekonstruoti
rekonstruodavai, rekonstruoti
rekonstruodavo, rekonstruoti
rekonstruodavome, rekonstruoti
rekonstruodavote, rekonstruoti
rekonstruosiu, rekonstruoti
rekonstruosi, rekonstruoti
rekonstruos, rekonstruoti
rekonstruosime, rekonstruoti
rekonstruosite, rekonstruoti
rekonstruočiau, rekonstruoti
rekonstruotum(ei), rekonstruoti
rekonstruotų, rekonstruoti
rekonstruotu(mė)me, rekonstruoti
rekonstruotu(mė)te, rekonstruoti
rėkti, rėkti
rėkiu, rėkti
rėki, rėkti
rėkia, rėkti
rėkiame, rėkti
rėkiate, rėkti
rėk, rėkti
rėkite, rėkti
rėkime, rėkti
rėkiau, rėkti
rėkei, rėkti
rėkė, rėkti
rėkėme, rėkti
rėkėte, rėkti
rėkdavau, rėkti
rėkdavai, rėkti
rėkdavo, rėkti
rėkdavome, rėkti
rėkdavote, rėkti
rėksiu, rėkti
rėksi, rėkti
rėks, rėkti
rėksime, rėkti
rėksite, rėkti
rėkčiau, rėkti
rėktum(ei), rėkti
rėktų, rėkti
rėktu(mė)me, rėkti
rėktu(mė)te, rėkti
remontuoti, remontuoti
remontuoju, remontuoti
remontuoji, remontuoti
remontuoja, remontuoti
remontuojame, remontuoti
remontuojate, remontuoti
remontuok, remontuoti
remontuokite, remontuoti
remontuokime, remontuoti
remontavau, remontuoti
remontavai, remontuoti
remontavo, remontuoti
remontavome, remontuoti
remontavote, remontuoti
remontuodavau, remontuoti
remontuodavai, remontuoti
remontuodavo, remontuoti
remontuodavome, remontuoti
remontuodavote, remontuoti
remontuosiu, remontuoti
remontuosi, remontuoti
remontuos, remontuoti
remontuosime, remontuoti
remontuosite, remontuoti
remontuočiau, remontuoti
remontuotum(ei), remontuoti
remontuotų, remontuoti
remontuotu(mė)me, remontuoti
remontuotu(mė)te, remontuoti
remti, remti
remiu, remti
remi, remti
remia, remti
remiame, remti
remiate, remti
remk, remti
remkite, remti
remkime, remti
rėmiau, remti
rėmei, remti
rėmė, remti
rėmėme, remti
rėmėte, remti
remdavau, remti
remdavai, remti
remdavo, remti
remdavome, remti
remdavote, remti
remsiu, remti
remsi, remti
rems, remti
remsime, remti
remsite, remti
remčiau, remti
remtum(ei), remti
remtų, remti
remtu(mė)me, remti
remtu(mė)te, remti
rengti, rengti
rengiu, rengti
rengi, rengti
rengia, rengti
rengiame, rengti
rengiate, rengti
renk, rengti
renkite, rengti
renkime, rengti
rengiau, rengti
rengei, rengti
rengė, rengti
rengėme, rengti
rengėte, rengti
rengdavau, rengti
rengdavai, rengti
rengdavo, rengti
rengdavome, rengti
rengdavote, rengti
rengsiu, rengti
rengsi, rengti
rengs, rengti
rengsime, rengti
rengsite, rengti
rengčiau, rengti
rengtum(ei), rengti
rengtų, rengti
rengtu(mė)me, rengti
rengtu(mė)te, rengti
repečkoti, repečkoti
repečkoju, repečkoti
repečkoji, repečkoti
repečkoja, repečkoti
repečkojame, repečkoti
repečkojate, repečkoti
repečkok, repečkoti
repečkokite, repečkoti
repečkokime, repečkoti
repečkojau, repečkoti
repečkojai, repečkoti
repečkojo, repečkoti
repečkojome, repečkoti
repečkojote, repečkoti
repečkodavau, repečkoti
repečkodavai, repečkoti
repečkodavo, repečkoti
repečkodavome, repečkoti
repečkodavote, repečkoti
repečkosiu, repečkoti
repečkosi, repečkoti
repečkos, repečkoti
repečkosime, repečkoti
repečkosite, repečkoti
repečkočiau, repečkoti
repečkotum(ei), repečkoti
repečkotų, repečkoti
repečkotu(mė)me, repečkoti
repečkotu(mė)te, repečkoti
repetuoti, repetuoti
repetuoju, repetuoti
repetuoji, repetuoti
repetuoja, repetuoti
repetuojame, repetuoti
repetuojate, repetuoti
repetuok, repetuoti
repetuokite, repetuoti
repetuokime, repetuoti
repetavau, repetuoti
repetavai, repetuoti
repetavo, repetuoti
repetavome, repetuoti
repetavote, repetuoti
repetuodavau, repetuoti
repetuodavai, repetuoti
repetuodavo, repetuoti
repetuodavome, repetuoti
repetuodavote, repetuoti
repetuosiu, repetuoti
repetuosi, repetuoti
repetuos, repetuoti
repetuosime, repetuoti
repetuosite, repetuoti
repetuočiau, repetuoti
repetuotum(ei), repetuoti
repetuotų, repetuoti
repetuotu(mė)me, repetuoti
repetuotu(mė)te, repetuoti
restauruoti, restauruoti
restauruoju, restauruoti
restauruoji, restauruoti
restauruoja, restauruoti
restauruojame, restauruoti
restauruojate, restauruoti
restauruok, restauruoti
restauruokite, restauruoti
restauruokime, restauruoti
restauravau, restauruoti
restauravai, restauruoti
restauravo, restauruoti
restauravome, restauruoti
restauravote, restauruoti
restauruodavau, restauruoti
restauruodavai, restauruoti
restauruodavo, restauruoti
restauruodavome, restauruoti
restauruodavote, restauruoti
restauruosiu, restauruoti
restauruosi, restauruoti
restauruos, restauruoti
restauruosime, restauruoti
restauruosite, restauruoti
restauruočiau, restauruoti
restauruotum(ei), restauruoti
restauruotų, restauruoti
restauruotu(mė)me, restauruoti
restauruotu(mė)te, restauruoti
ręsti, ręsti
renčiu, ręsti
renči, ręsti
renčia, ręsti
renčiame, ręsti
renčiate, ręsti
ręsk, ręsti
ręskite, ręsti
ręskime, ręsti
rentei, ręsti
rentė, ręsti
rentėme, ręsti
rentėte, ręsti
ręsdavau, ręsti
ręsdavai, ręsti
ręsdavo, ręsti
ręsdavome, ręsti
ręsdavote, ręsti
ręsiu, ręsti
ręsi, ręsti
ręs, ręsti
ręsime, ręsti
ręsite, ręsti
ręsčiau, ręsti
ręstum(ei), ręsti
ręstų, ręsti
ręstu(mė)me, ręsti
ręstu(mė)te, ręsti
retinti, retinti
retinu, retinti
retini, retinti
retina, retinti
retiname, retinti
retinate, retinti
retink, retinti
retinkite, retinti
retinkime, retinti
retinau, retinti
retinai, retinti
retino, retinti
retinome, retinti
retinote, retinti
retindavau, retinti
retindavai, retinti
retindavo, retinti
retindavome, retinti
retindavote, retinti
retinsiu, retinti
retinsi, retinti
retins, retinti
retinsime, retinti
retinsite, retinti
retinčiau, retinti
retintum(ei), retinti
retintų, retinti
retintu(mė)me, retinti
retintu(mė)te, retinti
revizuoti, revizuoti
revizuoju, revizuoti
revizuoji, revizuoti
revizuoja, revizuoti
revizuojame, revizuoti
revizuojate, revizuoti
revizuok, revizuoti
revizuokite, revizuoti
revizuokime, revizuoti
revizavau, revizuoti
revizavai, revizuoti
revizavo, revizuoti
revizavome, revizuoti
revizavote, revizuoti
revizuodavau, revizuoti
revizuodavai, revizuoti
revizuodavo, revizuoti
revizuodavome, revizuoti
revizuodavote, revizuoti
revizuosiu, revizuoti
revizuosi, revizuoti
revizuos, revizuoti
revizuosime, revizuoti
revizuosite, revizuoti
revizuočiau, revizuoti
revizuotum(ei), revizuoti
revizuotų, revizuoti
revizuotu(mė)me, revizuoti
revizuotu(mė)te, revizuoti
rezervuoti, rezervuoti
rezervuoju, rezervuoti
rezervuoji, rezervuoti
rezervuoja, rezervuoti
rezervuojame, rezervuoti
rezervuojate, rezervuoti
rezervuok, rezervuoti
rezervuokite, rezervuoti
rezervuokime, rezervuoti
rezervavau, rezervuoti
rezervavai, rezervuoti
rezervavo, rezervuoti
rezervavome, rezervuoti
rezervavote, rezervuoti
rezervuodavau, rezervuoti
rezervuodavai, rezervuoti
rezervuodavo, rezervuoti
rezervuodavome, rezervuoti
rezervuodavote, rezervuoti
rezervuosiu, rezervuoti
rezervuosi, rezervuoti
rezervuos, rezervuoti
rezervuosime, rezervuoti
rezervuosite, rezervuoti
rezervuočiau, rezervuoti
rezervuotum(ei), rezervuoti
rezervuotų, rezervuoti
rezervuotu(mė)me, rezervuoti
rezervuotu(mė)te, rezervuoti
režisuoti, režisuoti
režisuoju, režisuoti
režisuoji, režisuoti
režisuoja, režisuoti
režisuojame, režisuoti
režisuojate, režisuoti
režisuok, režisuoti
režisuokite, režisuoti
režisuokime, režisuoti
režisavau, režisuoti
režisavai, režisuoti
režisavo, režisuoti
režisavome, režisuoti
režisavote, režisuoti
režisuodavau, režisuoti
režisuodavai, režisuoti
režisuodavo, režisuoti
režisuodavome, režisuoti
režisuodavote, režisuoti
režisuosiu, režisuoti
režisuosi, režisuoti
režisuos, režisuoti
režisuosime, režisuoti
režisuosite, režisuoti
režisuočiau, režisuoti
režisuotum(ei), režisuoti
režisuotų, režisuoti
režisuotu(mė)me, režisuoti
režisuotu(mė)te, režisuoti
rėžti, rėžti
rėžiu, rėžti
rėži, rėžti
rėžia, rėžti
rėžiame, rėžti
rėžiate, rėžti
rėžk, rėžti
rėžkite, rėžti
rėžkime, rėžti
rėžiau, rėžti
rėžei, rėžti
rėžė, rėžti
rėžėme, rėžti
rėžėte, rėžti
rėždavau, rėžti
rėždavai, rėžti
rėždavo, rėžti
rėždavome, rėžti
rėždavote, rėžti
rėžšiu, rėžti
rėžši, rėžti
rėžš, rėžti
rėžšime, rėžti
rėžšite, rėžti
rėžčiau, rėžti
rėžtum(ei), rėžti
rėžtų, rėžti
rėžtu(mė)me, rėžti
rėžtu(mė)te, rėžti
rėžyti, rėžyti
rėžau, rėžyti
rėžai, rėžyti
rėžo, rėžyti
rėžome, rėžyti
rėžote, rėžyti
rėžyk, rėžyti
rėžykite, rėžyti
rėžykime, rėžyti
rėžiau, rėžyti
rėžei, rėžyti
rėžė, rėžyti
rėžėme, rėžyti
rėžėte, rėžyti
rėžydavau, rėžyti
rėžydavai, rėžyti
rėžydavo, rėžyti
rėžydavome, rėžyti
rėžydavote, rėžyti
rėžysiu, rėžyti
rėžysi, rėžyti
rėžys, rėžyti
rėžysime, rėžyti
rėžysite, rėžyti
rėžyčiau, rėžyti
rėžytum(ei), rėžyti
rėžytų, rėžyti
rėžytu(mė)me, rėžyti
rėžytu(mė)te, rėžyti
riaumoti, riaumoti
riaumoju, riaumoti
riaumoji, riaumoti
riaumoja, riaumoti
riaumojame, riaumoti
riaumojate, riaumoti
riaumok, riaumoti
riaumokite, riaumoti
riaumokime, riaumoti
riaumojau, riaumoti
riaumojai, riaumoti
riaumojo, riaumoti
riaumojome, riaumoti
riaumojote, riaumoti
riaumodavau, riaumoti
riaumodavai, riaumoti
riaumodavo, riaumoti
riaumodavome, riaumoti
riaumodavote, riaumoti
riaumosiu, riaumoti
riaumosi, riaumoti
riaumos, riaumoti
riaumosime, riaumoti
riaumosite, riaumoti
riaumočiau, riaumoti
riaumotum(ei), riaumoti
riaumotų, riaumoti
riaumotu(mė)me, riaumoti
riaumotu(mė)te, riaumoti
riboti, riboti
riboju, riboti
riboji, riboti
riboja, riboti
ribojame, riboti
ribojate, riboti
ribok, riboti
ribokite, riboti
ribokime, riboti
ribojau, riboti
ribojai, riboti
ribojo, riboti
ribojome, riboti
ribojote, riboti
ribodavau, riboti
ribodavai, riboti
ribodavo, riboti
ribodavome, riboti
ribodavote, riboti
ribosiu, riboti
ribosi, riboti
ribos, riboti
ribosime, riboti
ribosite, riboti
ribočiau, riboti
ribotum(ei), riboti
ribotų, riboti
ribotu(mė)me, riboti
ribotu(mė)te, riboti
ridenti, ridenti
ridenu, ridenti
rideni, ridenti
ridena, ridenti
ridename, ridenti
ridenate, ridenti
ridenk, ridenti
ridenkite, ridenti
ridenkime, ridenti
ridenau, ridenti
ridenai, ridenti
rideno, ridenti
ridenome, ridenti
ridenote, ridenti
ridendavau, ridenti
ridendavai, ridenti
ridendavo, ridenti
ridendavome, ridenti
ridendavote, ridenti
ridensiu, ridenti
ridensi, ridenti
ridens, ridenti
ridensime, ridenti
ridensite, ridenti
ridenčiau, ridenti
ridentum(ei), ridenti
ridentų, ridenti
ridentu(mė)me, ridenti
ridentu(mė)te, ridenti
ridėti, ridėti
ridžu, ridėti
ridi, ridėti
rida, ridėti
ridame, ridėti
ridate, ridėti
ridėk, ridėti
ridėkite, ridėti
ridėkime, ridėti
ridėjau, ridėti
ridėjai, ridėti
ridėjo, ridėti
ridėjome, ridėti
ridėjote, ridėti
ridėdavau, ridėti
ridėdavai, ridėti
ridėdavo, ridėti
ridėdavome, ridėti
ridėdavote, ridėti
ridėsiu, ridėti
ridėsi, ridėti
ridės, ridėti
ridėsime, ridėti
ridėsite, ridėti
ridėčiau, ridėti
ridėtum(ei), ridėti
ridėtų, ridėti
ridėtu(mė)me, ridėti
ridėtu(mė)te, ridėti
riebinti, riebinti
riebinu, riebinti
riebini, riebinti
riebina, riebinti
riebiname, riebinti
riebinate, riebinti
riebink, riebinti
riebinkite, riebinti
riebinkime, riebinti
riebinau, riebinti
riebinai, riebinti
riebino, riebinti
riebinome, riebinti
riebinote, riebinti
riebindavau, riebinti
riebindavai, riebinti
riebindavo, riebinti
riebindavome, riebinti
riebindavote, riebinti
riebinsiu, riebinti
riebinsi, riebinti
riebins, riebinti
riebinsime, riebinti
riebinsite, riebinti
riebinčiau, riebinti
riebintum(ei), riebinti
riebintų, riebinti
riebintu(mė)me, riebinti
riebintu(mė)te, riebinti
riedėti, riedėti
riedžu, riedėti
riedi, riedėti
rieda, riedėti
riedame, riedėti
riedate, riedėti
riedėk, riedėti
riedėkite, riedėti
riedėkime, riedėti
riedėjau, riedėti
riedėjai, riedėti
riedėjo, riedėti
riedėjome, riedėti
riedėjote, riedėti
riedėdavau, riedėti
riedėdavai, riedėti
riedėdavo, riedėti
riedėdavome, riedėti
riedėdavote, riedėti
riedėsiu, riedėti
riedėsi, riedėti
riedės, riedėti
riedėsime, riedėti
riedėsite, riedėti
riedėčiau, riedėti
riedėtum(ei), riedėti
riedėtų, riedėti
riedėtu(mė)me, riedėti
riedėtu(mė)te, riedėti
riekti, riekti
riekiu, riekti
rieki, riekti
riekia, riekti
riekiame, riekti
riekiate, riekti
riek, riekti
riekite, riekti
riekime, riekti
riekiau, riekti
riekei, riekti
riekė, riekti
riekėme, riekti
riekėte, riekti
riekdavau, riekti
riekdavai, riekti
riekdavo, riekti
riekdavome, riekti
riekdavote, riekti
rieksiu, riekti
rieksi, riekti
rieks, riekti
rieksime, riekti
rieksite, riekti
riekčiau, riekti
riektum(ei), riekti
riektų, riekti
riektu(mė)me, riekti
riektu(mė)te, riekti
riesti, riesti
riečiu, riesti
rieči, riesti
riečia, riesti
riečiame, riesti
riečiate, riesti
riesk, riesti
rieskite, riesti
rieskime, riesti
rietei, riesti
rietė, riesti
rietėme, riesti
rietėte, riesti
riesdavau, riesti
riesdavai, riesti
riesdavo, riesti
riesdavome, riesti
riesdavote, riesti
riesiu, riesti
riesi, riesti
ries, riesti
riesime, riesti
riesite, riesti
riesčiau, riesti
riestum(ei), riesti
riestų, riesti
riestu(mė)me, riesti
riestu(mė)te, riesti
rieti, rieti
rieju, rieti
rieji, rieti
rieja, rieti
riejame, rieti
riejate, rieti
riek, rieti
riekite, rieti
riekime, rieti
riejau, rieti
riejai, rieti
riejo, rieti
riejome, rieti
riejote, rieti
riedavau, rieti
riedavai, rieti
riedavo, rieti
riedavome, rieti
riedavote, rieti
riesiu, rieti
riesi, rieti
ries, rieti
riesime, rieti
riesite, rieti
riečiau, rieti
rietum(ei), rieti
rietų, rieti
rietu(mė)me, rieti
rietu(mė)te, rieti
rikiuoti, rikiuoti
rikiuoju, rikiuoti
rikiuoji, rikiuoti
rikiuoja, rikiuoti
rikiuojame, rikiuoti
rikiuojate, rikiuoti
rikiuok, rikiuoti
rikiuokite, rikiuoti
rikiuokime, rikiuoti
rikiavau, rikiuoti
rikiavai, rikiuoti
rikiavo, rikiuoti
rikiavome, rikiuoti
rikiavote, rikiuoti
rikiuodavau, rikiuoti
rikiuodavai, rikiuoti
rikiuodavo, rikiuoti
rikiuodavome, rikiuoti
rikiuodavote, rikiuoti
rikiuosiu, rikiuoti
rikiuosi, rikiuoti
rikiuos, rikiuoti
rikiuosime, rikiuoti
rikiuosite, rikiuoti
rikiuočiau, rikiuoti
rikiuotum(ei), rikiuoti
rikiuotų, rikiuoti
rikiuotu(mė)me, rikiuoti
rikiuotu(mė)te, rikiuoti
rimuoti, rimuoti
rimuoju, rimuoti
rimuoji, rimuoti
rimuoja, rimuoti
rimuojame, rimuoti
rimuojate, rimuoti
rimuok, rimuoti
rimuokite, rimuoti
rimuokime, rimuoti
rimavau, rimuoti
rimavai, rimuoti
rimavo, rimuoti
rimavome, rimuoti
rimavote, rimuoti
rimuodavau, rimuoti
rimuodavai, rimuoti
rimuodavo, rimuoti
rimuodavome, rimuoti
rimuodavote, rimuoti
rimuosiu, rimuoti
rimuosi, rimuoti
rimuos, rimuoti
rimuosime, rimuoti
rimuosite, rimuoti
rimuočiau, rimuoti
rimuotum(ei), rimuoti
rimuotų, rimuoti
rimuotu(mė)me, rimuoti
rimuotu(mė)te, rimuoti
rinkti, rinkti
renku, rinkti
renki, rinkti
renka, rinkti
renkame, rinkti
renkate, rinkti
rink, rinkti
rinkite, rinkti
rinkime, rinkti
rinkau, rinkti
rinkai, rinkti
rinko, rinkti
rinkome, rinkti
rinkote, rinkti
rinkdavau, rinkti
rinkdavai, rinkti
rinkdavo, rinkti
rinkdavome, rinkti
rinkdavote, rinkti
rinksiu, rinkti
rinksi, rinkti
rinks, rinkti
rinksime, rinkti
rinksite, rinkti
rinkčiau, rinkti
rinktum(ei), rinkti
rinktų, rinkti
rinktu(mė)me, rinkti
rinktu(mė)te, rinkti
risnoti, risnoti
risnoju, risnoti
risnoji, risnoti
risnoja, risnoti
risnojame, risnoti
risnojate, risnoti
risnok, risnoti
risnokite, risnoti
risnokime, risnoti
risnojau, risnoti
risnojai, risnoti
risnojo, risnoti
risnojome, risnoti
risnojote, risnoti
risnodavau, risnoti
risnodavai, risnoti
risnodavo, risnoti
risnodavome, risnoti
risnodavote, risnoti
risnosiu, risnoti
risnosi, risnoti
risnos, risnoti
risnosime, risnoti
risnosite, risnoti
risnočiau, risnoti
risnotum(ei), risnoti
risnotų, risnoti
risnotu(mė)me, risnoti
risnotu(mė)te, risnoti
risti, risti
ritu, risti
riti, risti
rita, risti
ritame, risti
ritate, risti
risk, risti
riskite, risti
riskime, risti
ritau, risti
ritai, risti
rito, risti
ritome, risti
ritote, risti
risdavau, risti
risdavai, risti
risdavo, risti
risdavome, risti
risdavote, risti
risiu, risti
risi, risti
ris, risti
risime, risti
risite, risti
risčiau, risti
ristum(ei), risti
ristų, risti
ristu(mė)me, risti
ristu(mė)te, risti
rizikuoti, rizikuoti
rizikuoju, rizikuoti
rizikuoji, rizikuoti
rizikuoja, rizikuoti
rizikuojame, rizikuoti
rizikuojate, rizikuoti
rizikuok, rizikuoti
rizikuokite, rizikuoti
rizikuokime, rizikuoti
rizikavau, rizikuoti
rizikavai, rizikuoti
rizikavo, rizikuoti
rizikavome, rizikuoti
rizikavote, rizikuoti
rizikuodavau, rizikuoti
rizikuodavai, rizikuoti
rizikuodavo, rizikuoti
rizikuodavome, rizikuoti
rizikuodavote, rizikuoti
rizikuosiu, rizikuoti
rizikuosi, rizikuoti
rizikuos, rizikuoti
rizikuosime, rizikuoti
rizikuosite, rizikuoti
rizikuočiau, rizikuoti
rizikuotum(ei), rizikuoti
rizikuotų, rizikuoti
rizikuotu(mė)me, rizikuoti
rizikuotu(mė)te, rizikuoti
rodyti, rodyti
rodžau, rodyti
rodai, rodyti
rodo, rodyti
rodome, rodyti
rodote, rodyti
rodyk, rodyti
rodykite, rodyti
rodykime, rodyti
rodei, rodyti
rodė, rodyti
rodėme, rodyti
rodėte, rodyti
rodydavau, rodyti
rodydavai, rodyti
rodydavo, rodyti
rodydavome, rodyti
rodydavote, rodyti
rodysiu, rodyti
rodysi, rodyti
rodys, rodyti
rodysime, rodyti
rodysite, rodyti
rodyčiau, rodyti
rodytum(ei), rodyti
rodytų, rodyti
rodytu(mė)me, rodyti
rodytu(mė)te, rodyti
ropoti, ropoti
ropoju, ropoti
ropoji, ropoti
ropoja, ropoti
ropojame, ropoti
ropojate, ropoti
ropok, ropoti
ropokite, ropoti
ropokime, ropoti
ropojau, ropoti
ropojai, ropoti
ropojo, ropoti
ropojome, ropoti
ropojote, ropoti
ropodavau, ropoti
ropodavai, ropoti
ropodavo, ropoti
ropodavome, ropoti
ropodavote, ropoti
roposiu, ropoti
roposi, ropoti
ropos, ropoti
roposime, ropoti
roposite, ropoti
ropočiau, ropoti
ropotum(ei), ropoti
ropotų, ropoti
ropotu(mė)me, ropoti
ropotu(mė)te, ropoti
rūdyti, rūdyti
rūdiju, rūdyti
rūdiji, rūdyti
rūdija, rūdyti
rūdijame, rūdyti
rūdijate, rūdyti
rūdyk, rūdyti
rūdykite, rūdyti
rūdykime, rūdyti
rūdijau, rūdyti
rūdijai, rūdyti
rūdijo, rūdyti
rūdijome, rūdyti
rūdijote, rūdyti
rūdydavau, rūdyti
rūdydavai, rūdyti
rūdydavo, rūdyti
rūdydavome, rūdyti
rūdydavote, rūdyti
rūdysiu, rūdyti
rūdysi, rūdyti
rūdis, rūdyti
rūdysime, rūdyti
rūdysite, rūdyti
rūdyčiau, rūdyti
rūdytum(ei), rūdyti
rūdytų, rūdyti
rūdytu(mė)me, rūdyti
rūdytu(mė)te, rūdyti
rūgti, rūgti
rūgstu, rūgti
rūgsti, rūgti
rūgsta, rūgti
rūgstame, rūgti
rūgstate, rūgti
rūk, rūgti
rūkite, rūgti
rūkime, rūgti
rūgau, rūgti
rūgai, rūgti
rūgo, rūgti
rūgome, rūgti
rūgote, rūgti
rūgdavau, rūgti
rūgdavai, rūgti
rūgdavo, rūgti
rūgdavome, rūgti
rūgdavote, rūgti
rūgsiu, rūgti
rūgsi, rūgti
rūgs, rūgti
rūgsime, rūgti
rūgsite, rūgti
rūgčiau, rūgti
rūgtum(ei), rūgti
rūgtų, rūgti
rūgtu(mė)me, rūgti
rūgtu(mė)te, rūgti
rūkti, rūkti
rūkstu, rūkti
rūksti, rūkti
rūksta, rūkti
rūkstame, rūkti
rūkstate, rūkti
rūk, rūkti
rūkite, rūkti
rūkime, rūkti
rūkau, rūkti
rūkai, rūkti
rūko, rūkti
rūkome, rūkti
rūkote, rūkti
rūkdavau, rūkti
rūkdavai, rūkti
rūkdavo, rūkti
rūkdavome, rūkti
rūkdavote, rūkti
rūksiu, rūkti
rūksi, rūkti
rūks, rūkti
rūksime, rūkti
rūksite, rūkti
rūkčiau, rūkti
rūktum(ei), rūkti
rūktų, rūkti
rūktu(mė)me, rūkti
rūktu(mė)te, rūkti
rūkyti, rūkyti
rūkau, rūkyti
rūkai, rūkyti
rūko, rūkyti
rūkome, rūkyti
rūkote, rūkyti
rūkyk, rūkyti
rūkykite, rūkyti
rūkykime, rūkyti
rūkiau, rūkyti
rūkei, rūkyti
rūkė, rūkyti
rūkėme, rūkyti
rūkėte, rūkyti
rūkydavau, rūkyti
rūkydavai, rūkyti
rūkydavo, rūkyti
rūkydavome, rūkyti
rūkydavote, rūkyti
rūkysiu, rūkyti
rūkysi, rūkyti
rūkys, rūkyti
rūkysime, rūkyti
rūkysite, rūkyti
rūkyčiau, rūkyti
rūkytum(ei), rūkyti
rūkytų, rūkyti
rūkytu(mė)me, rūkyti
rūkytu(mė)te, rūkyti
rungtyniauti, rungtyniauti
rungtyniauju, rungtyniauti
rungtyniauji, rungtyniauti
rungtyniauja, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaujame, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaujate, rungtyniauti
rungtyniauk, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaukite, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaukime, rungtyniauti
rungtyniavau, rungtyniauti
rungtyniavai, rungtyniauti
rungtyniavo, rungtyniauti
rungtyniavome, rungtyniauti
rungtyniavote, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaudavau, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaudavai, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaudavo, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaudavome, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaudavote, rungtyniauti
rungtyniausiu, rungtyniauti
rungtyniausi, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaus, rungtyniauti
rungtyniausime, rungtyniauti
rungtyniausite, rungtyniauti
rungtyniaučiau, rungtyniauti
rungtyniautum(ei), rungtyniauti
rungtyniautų, rungtyniauti
rungtyniautu(mė)me, rungtyniauti
rungtyniautu(mė)te, rungtyniauti
ruošti, ruošti
ruošiu, ruošti
ruoši, ruošti
ruošia, ruošti
ruošiame, ruošti
ruošiate, ruošti
ruošk, ruošti
ruoškite, ruošti
ruoškime, ruošti
ruošiau, ruošti
ruošei, ruošti
ruošė, ruošti
ruošėme, ruošti
ruošėte, ruošti
ruošdavau, ruošti
ruošdavai, ruošti
ruošdavo, ruošti
ruošdavome, ruošti
ruošdavote, ruošti
ruoššiu, ruošti
ruošši, ruošti
ruošš, ruošti
ruoššime, ruošti
ruoššite, ruošti
ruoščiau, ruošti
ruoštum(ei), ruošti
ruoštų, ruošti
ruoštu(mė)me, ruošti
ruoštu(mė)te, ruošti
rūpėti, rūpėti
rūpiu, rūpėti
rūpi, rūpėti
rūpi, rūpėti
rūpime, rūpėti
rūpite, rūpėti
rūpėk, rūpėti
rūpėkite, rūpėti
rūpėkime, rūpėti
rupėjau, rūpėti
rupėjai, rūpėti
rupėjo, rūpėti
rupėjome, rūpėti
rupėjote, rūpėti
rūpėdavau, rūpėti
rūpėdavai, rūpėti
rūpėdavo, rūpėti
rūpėdavome, rūpėti
rūpėdavote, rūpėti
rūpėsiu, rūpėti
rūpėsi, rūpėti
rupės, rūpėti
rūpėsime, rūpėti
rūpėsite, rūpėti
rūpėčiau, rūpėti
rūpėtum(ei), rūpėti
rūpėtų, rūpėti
rūpėtu(mė)me, rūpėti
rūpėtu(mė)te, rūpėti
rūpinti, rūpinti
rūpinu, rūpinti
rūpini, rūpinti
rūpina, rūpinti
rūpiname, rūpinti
rūpinate, rūpinti
rūpink, rūpinti
rūpinkite, rūpinti
rūpinkime, rūpinti
rūpinau, rūpinti
rūpinai, rūpinti
rūpino, rūpinti
rūpinome, rūpinti
rūpinote, rūpinti
rūpindavau, rūpinti
rūpindavai, rūpinti
rūpindavo, rūpinti
rūpindavome, rūpinti
rūpindavote, rūpinti
rūpinsiu, rūpinti
rūpinsi, rūpinti
rūpins, rūpinti
rūpinsime, rūpinti
rūpinsite, rūpinti
rūpinčiau, rūpinti
rūpintum(ei), rūpinti
rūpintų, rūpinti
rūpintu(mė)me, rūpinti
rūpintu(mė)te, rūpinti
rupti, rupti
rumpu, rupti
rumpi, rupti
rumpa, rupti
rumpame, rupti
rumpate, rupti
rupk, rupti
rupkite, rupti
rupkime, rupti
rupau, rupti
rupai, rupti
rupo, rupti
rupome, rupti
rupote, rupti
rupdavau, rupti
rupdavai, rupti
rupdavo, rupti
rupdavome, rupti
rupdavote, rupti
rupsiu, rupti
rupsi, rupti
rups, rupti
rupsime, rupti
rupsite, rupti
rupčiau, rupti
ruptum(ei), rupti
ruptų, rupti
ruptu(mė)me, rupti
ruptu(mė)te, rupti
rusenti, rusenti
rusenu, rusenti
ruseni, rusenti
rusena, rusenti
rusename, rusenti
rusenate, rusenti
rusenk, rusenti
rusenkite, rusenti
rusenkime, rusenti
rusenau, rusenti
rusenai, rusenti
ruseno, rusenti
rusenome, rusenti
rusenote, rusenti
rusendavau, rusenti
rusendavai, rusenti
rusendavo, rusenti
rusendavome, rusenti
rusendavote, rusenti
rusensiu, rusenti
rusensi, rusenti
rusens, rusenti
rusensime, rusenti
rusensite, rusenti
rusenčiau, rusenti
rusentum(ei), rusenti
rusentų, rusenti
rusentu(mė)me, rusenti
rusentu(mė)te, rusenti
rusinti, rusinti
rusinu, rusinti
rusini, rusinti
rusina, rusinti
rusiname, rusinti
rusinate, rusinti
rusink, rusinti
rusinkite, rusinti
rusinkime, rusinti
rusinau, rusinti
rusinai, rusinti
rusino, rusinti
rusinome, rusinti
rusinote, rusinti
rusindavau, rusinti
rusindavai, rusinti
rusindavo, rusinti
rusindavome, rusinti
rusindavote, rusinti
rusinsiu, rusinti
rusinsi, rusinti
rusins, rusinti
rusinsime, rusinti
rusinsite, rusinti
rusinčiau, rusinti
rusintum(ei), rusinti
rusintų, rusinti
rusintu(mė)me, rusinti
rusintu(mė)te, rusinti
rūšiuoti, rūšiuoti
rūšiuoju, rūšiuoti
rūšiuoji, rūšiuoti
rūšiuoja, rūšiuoti
rūšiuojame, rūšiuoti
rūšiuojate, rūšiuoti
rūšiuok, rūšiuoti
rūšiuokite, rūšiuoti
rūšiuokime, rūšiuoti
rūšiavau, rūšiuoti
rūšiavai, rūšiuoti
rūšiavo, rūšiuoti
rūšiavome, rūšiuoti
rūšiavote, rūšiuoti
rūšiuodavau, rūšiuoti
rūšiuodavai, rūšiuoti
rūšiuodavo, rūšiuoti
rūšiuodavome, rūšiuoti
rūšiuodavote, rūšiuoti
rūšiuosiu, rūšiuoti
rūšiuosi, rūšiuoti
rūšiuos, rūšiuoti
rūšiuosime, rūšiuoti
rūšiuosite, rūšiuoti
rūšiuočiau, rūšiuoti
rūšiuotum(ei), rūšiuoti
rūšiuotų, rūšiuoti
rūšiuotu(mė)me, rūšiuoti
rūšiuotu(mė)te, rūšiuoti
rūstauti, rūstauti
rūstauju, rūstauti
rūstauji, rūstauti
rūstauja, rūstauti
rūstaujame, rūstauti
rūstaujate, rūstauti
rūstauk, rūstauti
rūstaukite, rūstauti
rūstaukime, rūstauti
rūstavau, rūstauti
rūstavai, rūstauti
rūstavo, rūstauti
rūstavome, rūstauti
rūstavote, rūstauti
rūstaudavau, rūstauti
rūstaudavai, rūstauti
rūstaudavo, rūstauti
rūstaudavome, rūstauti
rūstaudavote, rūstauti
rūstausiu, rūstauti
rūstausi, rūstauti
rūstaus, rūstauti
rūstausime, rūstauti
rūstausite, rūstauti
rūstaučiau, rūstauti
rūstautum(ei), rūstauti
rūstautų, rūstauti
rūstautu(mė)me, rūstauti
rūstautu(mė)te, rūstauti
ryšėti, ryšėti
ryšiu, ryšėti
ryši, ryšėti
ryši, ryšėti
ryšime, ryšėti
ryšite, ryšėti
ryšėk, ryšėti
ryšėkite, ryšėti
ryšėkime, ryšėti
ryšėjau, ryšėti
ryšėjai, ryšėti
ryšėjo, ryšėti
ryšėjome, ryšėti
ryšėjote, ryšėti
ryšėdavau, ryšėti
ryšėdavai, ryšėti
ryšėdavo, ryšėti
ryšėdavome, ryšėti
ryšėdavote, ryšėti
ryšėsiu, ryšėti
ryšėsi, ryšėti
ryšės, ryšėti
ryšėsime, ryšėti
ryšėsite, ryšėti
ryšėčiau, ryšėti
ryšėtum(ei), ryšėti
ryšėtų, ryšėti
ryšėtu(mė)me, ryšėti
ryšėtu(mė)te, ryšėti
ryškėti, ryškėti
ryškėju, ryškėti
ryškėji, ryškėti
ryškėja, ryškėti
ryškėjame, ryškėti
ryškėjate, ryškėti
ryškėk, ryškėti
ryškėkite, ryškėti
ryškėkime, ryškėti
ryškėjau, ryškėti
ryškėjai, ryškėti
ryškėjo, ryškėti
ryškėjome, ryškėti
ryškėjote, ryškėti
ryškėdavau, ryškėti
ryškėdavai, ryškėti
ryškėdavo, ryškėti
ryškėdavome, ryškėti
ryškėdavote, ryškėti
ryškėsiu, ryškėti
ryškėsi, ryškėti
ryškės, ryškėti
ryškėsime, ryškėti
ryškėsite, ryškėti
ryškėčiau, ryškėti
ryškėtum(ei), ryškėti
ryškėtų, ryškėti
ryškėtu(mė)me, ryškėti
ryškėtu(mė)te, ryškėti
ryti, ryti
ryju, ryti
ryji, ryti
ryja, ryti
ryjame, ryti
ryjate, ryti
ryk, ryti
rykite, ryti
rykime, ryti
rijau, ryti
rijai, ryti
rijo, ryti
rijome, ryti
rijote, ryti
rydavau, ryti
rydavai, ryti
rydavo, ryti
rydavome, ryti
rydavote, ryti
rysiu, ryti
rysi, ryti
ris, ryti
rysime, ryti
rysite, ryti
ryčiau, ryti
rytum(ei), ryti
rytų, ryti
rytu(mė)me, ryti
rytu(mė)te, ryti
sabotuoti, sabotuoti
sabotuoju, sabotuoti
sabotuoji, sabotuoti
sabotuoja, sabotuoti
sabotuojame, sabotuoti
sabotuojate, sabotuoti
sabotuok, sabotuoti
sabotuokite, sabotuoti
sabotuokime, sabotuoti
sabotavau, sabotuoti
sabotavai, sabotuoti
sabotavo, sabotuoti
sabotavome, sabotuoti
sabotavote, sabotuoti
sabotuodavau, sabotuoti
sabotuodavai, sabotuoti
sabotuodavo, sabotuoti
sabotuodavome, sabotuoti
sabotuodavote, sabotuoti
sabotuosiu, sabotuoti
sabotuosi, sabotuoti
sabotuos, sabotuoti
sabotuosime, sabotuoti
sabotuosite, sabotuoti
sabotuočiau, sabotuoti
sabotuotum(ei), sabotuoti
sabotuotų, sabotuoti
sabotuotu(mė)me, sabotuoti
sabotuotu(mė)te, sabotuoti
sakinėti, sakinėti
sakinėju, sakinėti
sakinėji, sakinėti
sakinėja, sakinėti
sakinėjame, sakinėti
sakinėjate, sakinėti
sakinėk, sakinėti
sakinėkite, sakinėti
sakinėkime, sakinėti
sakinėjau, sakinėti
sakinėjai, sakinėti
sakinėjo, sakinėti
sakinėjome, sakinėti
sakinėjote, sakinėti
sakinėdavau, sakinėti
sakinėdavai, sakinėti
sakinėdavo, sakinėti
sakinėdavome, sakinėti
sakinėdavote, sakinėti
sakinėsiu, sakinėti
sakinėsi, sakinėti
sakinės, sakinėti
sakinėsime, sakinėti
sakinėsite, sakinėti
sakinėčiau, sakinėti
sakinėtum(ei), sakinėti
sakinėtų, sakinėti
sakinėtu(mė)me, sakinėti
sakinėtu(mė)te, sakinėti
sakyti, sakyti
sakau, sakyti
sakai, sakyti
sako, sakyti
sakome, sakyti
sakote, sakyti
sakyk, sakyti
sakykite, sakyti
sakykime, sakyti
sakiau, sakyti
sakei, sakyti
sakė, sakyti
sakėme, sakyti
sakėte, sakyti
sakydavau, sakyti
sakydavai, sakyti
sakydavo, sakyti
sakydavome, sakyti
sakydavote, sakyti
sakysiu, sakyti
sakysi, sakyti
sakys, sakyti
sakysime, sakyti
sakysite, sakyti
sakyčiau, sakyti
sakytum(ei), sakyti
sakytų, sakyti
sakytu(mė)me, sakyti
sakytu(mė)te, sakyti
šaldyti, šaldyti
šaldžau, šaldyti
šaldai, šaldyti
šaldo, šaldyti
šaldome, šaldyti
šaldote, šaldyti
šaldyk, šaldyti
šaldykite, šaldyti
šaldykime, šaldyti
šaldei, šaldyti
šaldė, šaldyti
šaldėme, šaldyti
šaldėte, šaldyti
šaldydavau, šaldyti
šaldydavai, šaldyti
šaldydavo, šaldyti
šaldydavome, šaldyti
šaldydavote, šaldyti
šaldysiu, šaldyti
šaldysi, šaldyti
šaldys, šaldyti
šaldysime, šaldyti
šaldysite, šaldyti
šaldyčiau, šaldyti
šaldytum(ei), šaldyti
šaldytų, šaldyti
šaldytu(mė)me, šaldyti
šaldytu(mė)te, šaldyti
šalinti, šalinti
šalinu, šalinti
šalini, šalinti
šalina, šalinti
šaliname, šalinti
šalinate, šalinti
šalink, šalinti
šalinkite, šalinti
šalinkime, šalinti
šalinau, šalinti
šalinai, šalinti
šalino, šalinti
šalinome, šalinti
šalinote, šalinti
šalindavau, šalinti
šalindavai, šalinti
šalindavo, šalinti
šalindavome, šalinti
šalindavote, šalinti
šalinsiu, šalinti
šalinsi, šalinti
šalins, šalinti
šalinsime, šalinti
šalinsite, šalinti
šalinčiau, šalinti
šalintum(ei), šalinti
šalintų, šalinti
šalintu(mė)me, šalinti
šalintu(mė)te, šalinti
šalti, šalti
šąlu, šalti
šąli, šalti
šąla, šalti
šąlame, šalti
šąlate, šalti
šalk, šalti
šalkite, šalti
šalkime, šalti
šalau, šalti
šalai, šalti
šalo, šalti
šalome, šalti
šalote, šalti
šaldavau, šalti
šaldavai, šalti
šaldavo, šalti
šaldavome, šalti
šaldavote, šalti
šalsiu, šalti
šalsi, šalti
šals, šalti
šalsime, šalti
šalsite, šalti
šalčiau, šalti
šaltum(ei), šalti
šaltų, šalti
šaltu(mė)me, šalti
šaltu(mė)te, šalti
samdyti, samdyti
samdžau, samdyti
samdai, samdyti
samdo, samdyti
samdome, samdyti
samdote, samdyti
samdyk, samdyti
samdykite, samdyti
samdykime, samdyti
samdei, samdyti
samdė, samdyti
samdėme, samdyti
samdėte, samdyti
samdydavau, samdyti
samdydavai, samdyti
samdydavo, samdyti
samdydavome, samdyti
samdydavote, samdyti
samdysiu, samdyti
samdysi, samdyti
samdys, samdyti
samdysime, samdyti
samdysite, samdyti
samdyčiau, samdyti
samdytum(ei), samdyti
samdytų, samdyti
samdytu(mė)me, samdyti
samdytu(mė)te, samdyti
sandėliuoti, sandėliuoti
sandėliuoju, sandėliuoti
sandėliuoji, sandėliuoti
sandėliuoja, sandėliuoti
sandėliuojame, sandėliuoti
sandėliuojate, sandėliuoti
sandėliuok, sandėliuoti
sandėliuokite, sandėliuoti
sandėliuokime, sandėliuoti
sandėliavau, sandėliuoti
sandėliavai, sandėliuoti
sandėliavo, sandėliuoti
sandėliavome, sandėliuoti
sandėliavote, sandėliuoti
sandėliuodavau, sandėliuoti
sandėliuodavai, sandėliuoti
sandėliuodavo, sandėliuoti
sandėliuodavome, sandėliuoti
sandėliuodavote, sandėliuoti
sandėliuosiu, sandėliuoti
sandėliuosi, sandėliuoti
sandėliuos, sandėliuoti
sandėliuosime, sandėliuoti
sandėliuosite, sandėliuoti
sandėliuočiau, sandėliuoti
sandėliuotum(ei), sandėliuoti
sandėliuotų, sandėliuoti
sandėliuotu(mė)me, sandėliuoti
sandėliuotu(mė)te, sandėliuoti
šantažuoti, šantažuoti
šantažuoju, šantažuoti
šantažuoji, šantažuoti
šantažuoja, šantažuoti
šantažuojame, šantažuoti
šantažuojate, šantažuoti
šantažuok, šantažuoti
šantažuokite, šantažuoti
šantažuokime, šantažuoti
šantažavau, šantažuoti
šantažavai, šantažuoti
šantažavo, šantažuoti
šantažavome, šantažuoti
šantažavote, šantažuoti
šantažuodavau, šantažuoti
šantažuodavai, šantažuoti
šantažuodavo, šantažuoti
šantažuodavome, šantažuoti
šantažuodavote, šantažuoti
šantažuosiu, šantažuoti
šantažuosi, šantažuoti
šantažuos, šantažuoti
šantažuosime, šantažuoti
šantažuosite, šantažuoti
šantažuočiau, šantažuoti
šantažuotum(ei), šantažuoti
šantažuotų, šantažuoti
šantažuotu(mė)me, šantažuoti
šantažuotu(mė)te, šantažuoti
santykiauti, santykiauti
santykiauju, santykiauti
santykiauji, santykiauti
santykiauja, santykiauti
santykiaujame, santykiauti
santykiaujate, santykiauti
santykiauk, santykiauti
santykiaukite, santykiauti
santykiaukime, santykiauti
santykiavau, santykiauti
santykiavai, santykiauti
santykiavo, santykiauti
santykiavome, santykiauti
santykiavote, santykiauti
santykiaudavau, santykiauti
santykiaudavai, santykiauti
santykiaudavo, santykiauti
santykiaudavome, santykiauti
santykiaudavote, santykiauti
santykiausiu, santykiauti
santykiausi, santykiauti
santykiaus, santykiauti
santykiausime, santykiauti
santykiausite, santykiauti
santykiaučiau, santykiauti
santykiautum(ei), santykiauti
santykiautų, santykiauti
santykiautu(mė)me, santykiauti
santykiautu(mė)te, santykiauti
šaudyti, šaudyti
šaudžau, šaudyti
šaudai, šaudyti
šaudo, šaudyti
šaudome, šaudyti
šaudote, šaudyti
šaudyk, šaudyti
šaudykite, šaudyti
šaudykime, šaudyti
šaudei, šaudyti
šaudė, šaudyti
šaudėme, šaudyti
šaudėte, šaudyti
šaudydavau, šaudyti
šaudydavai, šaudyti
šaudydavo, šaudyti
šaudydavome, šaudyti
šaudydavote, šaudyti
šaudysiu, šaudyti
šaudysi, šaudyti
šaudys, šaudyti
šaudysime, šaudyti
šaudysite, šaudyti
šaudyčiau, šaudyti
šaudytum(ei), šaudyti
šaudytų, šaudyti
šaudytu(mė)me, šaudyti
šaudytu(mė)te, šaudyti
saugoti, saugoti
saugoju, saugoti
saugoji, saugoti
saugoja, saugoti
saugojame, saugoti
saugojate, saugoti
saugok, saugoti
saugokite, saugoti
saugokime, saugoti
saugojau, saugoti
saugojai, saugoti
saugojo, saugoti
saugojome, saugoti
saugojote, saugoti
saugodavau, saugoti
saugodavai, saugoti
saugodavo, saugoti
saugodavome, saugoti
saugodavote, saugoti
saugosiu, saugoti
saugosi, saugoti
saugos, saugoti
saugosime, saugoti
saugosite, saugoti
saugočiau, saugoti
saugotum(ei), saugoti
saugotų, saugoti
saugotu(mė)me, saugoti
saugotu(mė)te, saugoti
šaukti, šaukti
šaukiu, šaukti
šauki, šaukti
šaukia, šaukti
šaukiame, šaukti
šaukiate, šaukti
šauk, šaukti
šaukite, šaukti
šaukime, šaukti
šaukiau, šaukti
šaukei, šaukti
šaukė, šaukti
šaukėme, šaukti
šaukėte, šaukti
šaukdavau, šaukti
šaukdavai, šaukti
šaukdavo, šaukti
šaukdavome, šaukti
šaukdavote, šaukti
šauksiu, šaukti
šauksi, šaukti
šauks, šaukti
šauksime, šaukti
šauksite, šaukti
šaukčiau, šaukti
šauktum(ei), šaukti
šauktų, šaukti
šauktu(mė)me, šaukti
šauktu(mė)te, šaukti
šauti, šauti
šaunu, šauti
šauni, šauti
šauna, šauti
šauname, šauti
šaunate, šauti
šauk, šauti
šaukite, šauti
šaukime, šauti
šoviau, šauti
šovei, šauti
šovė, šauti
šovėme, šauti
šovėte, šauti
šaudavau, šauti
šaudavai, šauti
šaudavo, šauti
šaudavome, šauti
šaudavote, šauti
šausiu, šauti
šausi, šauti
šaus, šauti
šausime, šauti
šausite, šauti
šaučiau, šauti
šautum(ei), šauti
šautų, šauti
šautu(mė)me, šauti
šautu(mė)te, šauti
savinti, savinti
savinu, savinti
savini, savinti
savina, savinti
saviname, savinti
savinate, savinti
savink, savinti
savinkite, savinti
savinkime, savinti
savinau, savinti
savinai, savinti
savino, savinti
savinome, savinti
savinote, savinti
savindavau, savinti
savindavai, savinti
savindavo, savinti
savindavome, savinti
savindavote, savinti
savinsiu, savinti
savinsi, savinti
savins, savinti
savinsime, savinti
savinsite, savinti
savinčiau, savinti
savintum(ei), savinti
savintų, savinti
savintu(mė)me, savinti
savintu(mė)te, savinti
sėdėti, sėdėti
sėdžiu, sėdėti
sėdi, sėdėti
sėdi, sėdėti
sėdime, sėdėti
sėdite, sėdėti
sėdėk, sėdėti
sėdėkite, sėdėti
sėdėkime, sėdėti
sėdėjau, sėdėti
sėdėjai, sėdėti
sėdėjo, sėdėti
sėdėjome, sėdėti
sėdėjote, sėdėti
sėdėdavau, sėdėti
sėdėdavai, sėdėti
sėdėdavo, sėdėti
sėdėdavome, sėdėti
sėdėdavote, sėdėti
sėdėsiu, sėdėti
sėdėsi, sėdėti
sėdės, sėdėti
sėdėsime, sėdėti
sėdėsite, sėdėti
sėdėčiau, sėdėti
sėdėtum(ei), sėdėti
sėdėtų, sėdėti
sėdėtu(mė)me, sėdėti
sėdėtu(mė)te, sėdėti
segti, segti
segu, segti
segi, segti
sega, segti
segame, segti
segate, segti
sek, segti
sekite, segti
sekime, segti
segiau, segti
segei, segti
segė, segti
segėme, segti
segėte, segti
segdavau, segti
segdavai, segti
segdavo, segti
segdavome, segti
segdavote, segti
segsiu, segti
segsi, segti
segs, segti
segsime, segti
segsite, segti
segčiau, segti
segtum(ei), segti
segtų, segti
segtu(mė)me, segti
segtu(mė)te, segti
šeimininkauti, šeimininkauti
šeimininkauju, šeimininkauti
šeimininkauji, šeimininkauti
šeimininkauja, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaujame, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaujate, šeimininkauti
šeimininkauk, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaukite, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaukime, šeimininkauti
šeimininkavau, šeimininkauti
šeimininkavai, šeimininkauti
šeimininkavo, šeimininkauti
šeimininkavome, šeimininkauti
šeimininkavote, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaudavau, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaudavai, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaudavo, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaudavome, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaudavote, šeimininkauti
šeimininkausiu, šeimininkauti
šeimininkausi, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaus, šeimininkauti
šeimininkausime, šeimininkauti
šeimininkausite, šeimininkauti
šeimininkaučiau, šeimininkauti
šeimininkautum(ei), šeimininkauti
šeimininkautų, šeimininkauti
šeimininkautu(mė)me, šeimininkauti
šeimininkautu(mė)te, šeimininkauti
sekinti, sekinti
sekinu, sekinti
sekini, sekinti
sekina, sekinti
sekiname, sekinti
sekinate, sekinti
sekink, sekinti
sekinkite, sekinti
sekinkime, sekinti
sekinau, sekinti
sekinai, sekinti
sekino, sekinti
sekinome, sekinti
sekinote, sekinti
sekindavau, sekinti
sekindavai, sekinti
sekindavo, sekinti
sekindavome, sekinti
sekindavote, sekinti
sekinsiu, sekinti
sekinsi, sekinti
sekins, sekinti
sekinsime, sekinti
sekinsite, sekinti
sekinčiau, sekinti
sekintum(ei), sekinti
sekintų, sekinti
sekintu(mė)me, sekinti
sekintu(mė)te, sekinti
sekioti, sekioti
sekioju, sekioti
sekioji, sekioti
sekioja, sekioti
sekiojame, sekioti
sekiojate, sekioti
sekiok, sekioti
sekiokite, sekioti
sekiokime, sekioti
sekiojau, sekioti
sekiojai, sekioti
sekiojo, sekioti
sekiojome, sekioti
sekiojote, sekioti
sekiodavau, sekioti
sekiodavai, sekioti
sekiodavo, sekioti
sekiodavome, sekioti
sekiodavote, sekioti
sekiosiu, sekioti
sekiosi, sekioti
sekios, sekioti
sekiosime, sekioti
sekiosite, sekioti
sekiočiau, sekioti
sekiotum(ei), sekioti
sekiotų, sekioti
sekiotu(mė)me, sekioti
sekiotu(mė)te, sekioti
sekti, sekti
senku, sekti
senki, sekti
senka, sekti
senkame, sekti
senkate, sekti
sek, sekti
sekite, sekti
sekime, sekti
sekau, sekti
sekai, sekti
seko, sekti
sekome, sekti
sekote, sekti
sekdavau, sekti
sekdavai, sekti
sekdavo, sekti
sekdavome, sekti
sekdavote, sekti
seksiu, sekti
seksi, sekti
seks, sekti
seksime, sekti
seksite, sekti
sekčiau, sekti
sektum(ei), sekti
sektų, sekti
sektu(mė)me, sekti
sektu(mė)te, sekti
sekti, sekti
senku, sekti
senki, sekti
senka, sekti
senkame, sekti
senkate, sekti
sek, sekti
sekite, sekti
sekime, sekti
sekau, sekti
sekai, sekti
seko, sekti
sekome, sekti
sekote, sekti
sekdavau, sekti
sekdavai, sekti
sekdavo, sekti
sekdavome, sekti
sekdavote, sekti
seksiu, sekti
seksi, sekti
seks, sekti
seksime, sekti
seksite, sekti
sekčiau, sekti
sektum(ei), sekti
sektų, sekti
sektu(mė)me, sekti
sektu(mė)te, sekti
šėlioti, šėlioti
šėlioju, šėlioti
šėlioji, šėlioti
šėlioja, šėlioti
šėliojame, šėlioti
šėliojate, šėlioti
šėliok, šėlioti
šėliokite, šėlioti
šėliokime, šėlioti
šėliojau, šėlioti
šėliojai, šėlioti
šėliojo, šėlioti
šėliojome, šėlioti
šėliojote, šėlioti
šėliodavau, šėlioti
šėliodavai, šėlioti
šėliodavo, šėlioti
šėliodavome, šėlioti
šėliodavote, šėlioti
šėliosiu, šėlioti
šėliosi, šėlioti
šėlios, šėlioti
šėliosime, šėlioti
šėliosite, šėlioti
šėliočiau, šėlioti
šėliotum(ei), šėlioti
šėliotų, šėlioti
šėliotu(mė)me, šėlioti
šėliotu(mė)te, šėlioti
šėlti, šėlti
šėlstu, šėlti
šėlsti, šėlti
šėlsta, šėlti
šėlstame, šėlti
šėlstate, šėlti
šėlk, šėlti
šėlkite, šėlti
šėlkime, šėlti
šėlau, šėlti
šėlai, šėlti
šėlo, šėlti
šėlome, šėlti
šėlote, šėlti
šėldavau, šėlti
šėldavai, šėlti
šėldavo, šėlti
šėldavome, šėlti
šėldavote, šėlti
šėlsiu, šėlti
šėlsi, šėlti
šėls, šėlti
šėlsime, šėlti
šėlsite, šėlti
šėlčiau, šėlti
šėltum(ei), šėlti
šėltų, šėlti
šėltu(mė)me, šėlti
šėltu(mė)te, šėlti
semti, semti
semiu, semti
semi, semti
semia, semti
semiame, semti
semiate, semti
semk, semti
semkite, semti
semkime, semti
sėmiau, semti
sėmei, semti
sėmė, semti
sėmėme, semti
sėmėte, semti
semdavau, semti
semdavai, semti
semdavo, semti
semdavome, semti
semdavote, semti
semsiu, semti
semsi, semti
sems, semti
semsime, semti
semsite, semti
semčiau, semti
semtum(ei), semti
semtų, semti
semtu(mė)me, semti
semtu(mė)te, semti
senti, senti
senstu, senti
sensti, senti
sensta, senti
senstame, senti
senstate, senti
senk, senti
senkite, senti
senkime, senti
senau, senti
senai, senti
seno, senti
senome, senti
senote, senti
sendavau, senti
sendavai, senti
sendavo, senti
sendavome, senti
sendavote, senti
sensiu, senti
sensi, senti
sens, senti
sensime, senti
sensite, senti
senčiau, senti
sentum(ei), senti
sentų, senti
sentu(mė)me, senti
sentu(mė)te, senti
sergėti, sergėti
sergėju, sergėti
sergėji, sergėti
sergėja, sergėti
sergėjame, sergėti
sergėjate, sergėti
sergėk, sergėti
sergėkite, sergėti
sergėkime, sergėti
sergėjau, sergėti
sergėjai, sergėti
sergėjo, sergėti
sergėjome, sergėti
sergėjote, sergėti
sergėdavau, sergėti
sergėdavai, sergėti
sergėdavo, sergėti
sergėdavome, sergėti
sergėdavote, sergėti
sergėsiu, sergėti
sergėsi, sergėti
sergės, sergėti
sergėsime, sergėti
sergėsite, sergėti
sergėčiau, sergėti
sergėtum(ei), sergėti
sergėtų, sergėti
sergėtu(mė)me, sergėti
sergėtu(mė)te, sergėti
šerkšnyti, šerkšnyti
šerkšniju, šerkšnyti
šerkšniji, šerkšnyti
šerkšnija, šerkšnyti
šerkšnijame, šerkšnyti
šerkšnijate, šerkšnyti
šerkšnyk, šerkšnyti
šerkšnykite, šerkšnyti
šerkšnykime, šerkšnyti
šerkšnijau, šerkšnyti
šerkšnijai, šerkšnyti
šerkšnijo, šerkšnyti
šerkšnijome, šerkšnyti
šerkšnijote, šerkšnyti
šerkšnydavau, šerkšnyti
šerkšnydavai, šerkšnyti
šerkšnydavo, šerkšnyti
šerkšnydavome, šerkšnyti
šerkšnydavote, šerkšnyti
šerkšnysiu, šerkšnyti
šerkšnysi, šerkšnyti
šerkšnis, šerkšnyti
šerkšnysime, šerkšnyti
šerkšnysite, šerkšnyti
šerkšnyčiau, šerkšnyti
šerkšnytum(ei), šerkšnyti
šerkšnytų, šerkšnyti
šerkšnytu(mė)me, šerkšnyti
šerkšnytu(mė)te, šerkšnyti
šerti, šerti
šeriu, šerti
šeri, šerti
šeria, šerti
šeriame, šerti
šeriate, šerti
šerk, šerti
šerkite, šerti
šerkime, šerti
šėriau, šerti
šėrei, šerti
šėrė, šerti
šėrėme, šerti
šėrėte, šerti
šerdavau, šerti
šerdavai, šerti
šerdavo, šerti
šerdavome, šerti
šerdavote, šerti
šersiu, šerti
šersi, šerti
šers, šerti
šersime, šerti
šersite, šerti
šerčiau, šerti
šertum(ei), šerti
šertų, šerti
šertu(mė)me, šerti
šertu(mė)te, šerti
sėsti, sėsti
sėdžu, sėsti
sėdi, sėsti
sėda, sėsti
sėdame, sėsti
sėdate, sėsti
sėsk, sėsti
sėskite, sėsti
sėskime, sėsti
sėdau, sėsti
sėdai, sėsti
sėdo, sėsti
sėdome, sėsti
sėdote, sėsti
sėsdavau, sėsti
sėsdavai, sėsti
sėsdavo, sėsti
sėsdavome, sėsti
sėsdavote, sėsti
sėsiu, sėsti
sėsi, sėsti
sės, sėsti
sėsime, sėsti
sėsite, sėsti
sėsčiau, sėsti
sėstum(ei), sėsti
sėstų, sėsti
sėstu(mė)me, sėsti
sėstu(mė)te, sėsti
sėti, sėti
sėju, sėti
sėji, sėti
sėja, sėti
sėjame, sėti
sėjate, sėti
sėk, sėti
sėkite, sėti
sėkime, sėti
sėjau, sėti
sėjai, sėti
sėjo, sėti
sėjome, sėti
sėjote, sėti
sėdavau, sėti
sėdavai, sėti
sėdavo, sėti
sėdavome, sėti
sėdavote, sėti
sėsiu, sėti
sėsi, sėti
sės, sėti
sėsime, sėti
sėsite, sėti
sėčiau, sėti
sėtum(ei), sėti
sėtų, sėti
sėtu(mė)me, sėti
sėtu(mė)te, sėti
siaurėti, siaurėti
siaurėju, siaurėti
siaurėji, siaurėti
siaurėja, siaurėti
siaurėjame, siaurėti
siaurėjate, siaurėti
siaurėk, siaurėti
siaurėkite, siaurėti
siaurėkime, siaurėti
siaurėjau, siaurėti
siaurėjai, siaurėti
siaurėjo, siaurėti
siaurėjome, siaurėti
siaurėjote, siaurėti
siaurėdavau, siaurėti
siaurėdavai, siaurėti
siaurėdavo, siaurėti
siaurėdavome, siaurėti
siaurėdavote, siaurėti
siaurėsiu, siaurėti
siaurėsi, siaurėti
siaurės, siaurėti
siaurėsime, siaurėti
siaurėsite, siaurėti
siaurėčiau, siaurėti
siaurėtum(ei), siaurėti
siaurėtų, siaurėti
siaurėtu(mė)me, siaurėti
siaurėtu(mė)te, siaurėti
šiaušti, šiaušti
šiaušiu, šiaušti
šiauši, šiaušti
šiaušia, šiaušti
šiaušiame, šiaušti
šiaušiate, šiaušti
šiaušk, šiaušti
šiauškite, šiaušti
šiauškime, šiaušti
šiaušiau, šiaušti
šiaušei, šiaušti
šiaušė, šiaušti
šiaušėme, šiaušti
šiaušėte, šiaušti
šiaušdavau, šiaušti
šiaušdavai, šiaušti
šiaušdavo, šiaušti
šiaušdavome, šiaušti
šiaušdavote, šiaušti
šiauššiu, šiaušti
šiaušši, šiaušti
šiaušš, šiaušti
šiauššime, šiaušti
šiauššite, šiaušti
šiauščiau, šiaušti
šiauštum(ei), šiaušti
šiauštų, šiaušti
šiauštu(mė)me, šiaušti
šiauštu(mė)te, šiaušti
siausti, siausti
siaučiu, siausti
siauči, siausti
siaučia, siausti
siaučiame, siausti
siaučiate, siausti
siausk, siausti
siauskite, siausti
siauskime, siausti
siautei, siausti
siautė, siausti
siautėme, siausti
siautėte, siausti
siausdavau, siausti
siausdavai, siausti
siausdavo, siausti
siausdavome, siausti
siausdavote, siausti
siausiu, siausti
siausi, siausti
siaus, siausti
siausime, siausti
siausite, siausti
siausčiau, siausti
siaustum(ei), siausti
siaustų, siausti
siaustu(mė)me, siausti
siaustu(mė)te, siausti
siautėti, siautėti
siautėju, siautėti
siautėji, siautėti
siautėja, siautėti
siautėjame, siautėti
siautėjate, siautėti
siautėk, siautėti
siautėkite, siautėti
siautėkime, siautėti
siautėjau, siautėti
siautėjai, siautėti
siautėjo, siautėti
siautėjome, siautėti
siautėjote, siautėti
siautėdavau, siautėti
siautėdavai, siautėti
siautėdavo, siautėti
siautėdavome, siautėti
siautėdavote, siautėti
siautėsiu, siautėti
siautėsi, siautėti
siautės, siautėti
siautėsime, siautėti
siautėsite, siautėti
siautėčiau, siautėti
siautėtum(ei), siautėti
siautėtų, siautėti
siautėtu(mė)me, siautėti
siautėtu(mė)te, siautėti
sidabruoti, sidabruoti
sidabruoju, sidabruoti
sidabruoji, sidabruoti
sidabruoja, sidabruoti
sidabruojame, sidabruoti
sidabruojate, sidabruoti
sidabruok, sidabruoti
sidabruokite, sidabruoti
sidabruokime, sidabruoti
sidabravau, sidabruoti
sidabravai, sidabruoti
sidabravo, sidabruoti
sidabravome, sidabruoti
sidabravote, sidabruoti
sidabruodavau, sidabruoti
sidabruodavai, sidabruoti
sidabruodavo, sidabruoti
sidabruodavome, sidabruoti
sidabruodavote, sidabruoti
sidabruosiu, sidabruoti
sidabruosi, sidabruoti
sidabruos, sidabruoti
sidabruosime, sidabruoti
sidabruosite, sidabruoti
sidabruočiau, sidabruoti
sidabruotum(ei), sidabruoti
sidabruotų, sidabruoti
sidabruotu(mė)me, sidabruoti
sidabruotu(mė)te, sidabruoti
siekti, siekti
siekiu, siekti
sieki, siekti
siekia, siekti
siekiame, siekti
siekiate, siekti
siek, siekti
siekite, siekti
siekime, siekti
siekiau, siekti
siekei, siekti
siekė, siekti
siekėme, siekti
siekėte, siekti
siekdavau, siekti
siekdavai, siekti
siekdavo, siekti
siekdavome, siekti
siekdavote, siekti
sieksiu, siekti
sieksi, siekti
sieks, siekti
sieksime, siekti
sieksite, siekti
siekčiau, siekti
siektum(ei), siekti
siektų, siekti
siektu(mė)me, siekti
siektu(mė)te, siekti
sielvartauti, sielvartauti
sielvartauju, sielvartauti
sielvartauji, sielvartauti
sielvartauja, sielvartauti
sielvartaujame, sielvartauti
sielvartaujate, sielvartauti
sielvartauk, sielvartauti
sielvartaukite, sielvartauti
sielvartaukime, sielvartauti
sielvartavau, sielvartauti
sielvartavai, sielvartauti
sielvartavo, sielvartauti
sielvartavome, sielvartauti
sielvartavote, sielvartauti
sielvartaudavau, sielvartauti
sielvartaudavai, sielvartauti
sielvartaudavo, sielvartauti
sielvartaudavome, sielvartauti
sielvartaudavote, sielvartauti
sielvartausiu, sielvartauti
sielvartausi, sielvartauti
sielvartaus, sielvartauti
sielvartausime, sielvartauti
sielvartausite, sielvartauti
sielvartaučiau, sielvartauti
sielvartautum(ei), sielvartauti
sielvartautų, sielvartauti
sielvartautu(mė)me, sielvartauti
sielvartautu(mė)te, sielvartauti
sieti, sieti
sieju, sieti
sieji, sieti
sieja, sieti
siejame, sieti
siejate, sieti
siek, sieti
siekite, sieti
siekime, sieti
siejau, sieti
siejai, sieti
siejo, sieti
siejome, sieti
siejote, sieti
siedavau, sieti
siedavai, sieti
siedavo, sieti
siedavome, sieti
siedavote, sieti
siesiu, sieti
siesi, sieti
sies, sieti
siesime, sieti
siesite, sieti
siečiau, sieti
sietum(ei), sieti
sietų, sieti
sietu(mė)me, sieti
sietu(mė)te, sieti
sijoti, sijoti
sijoju, sijoti
sijoji, sijoti
sijoja, sijoti
sijojame, sijoti
sijojate, sijoti
sijok, sijoti
sijokite, sijoti
sijokime, sijoti
sijojau, sijoti
sijojai, sijoti
sijojo, sijoti
sijojome, sijoti
sijojote, sijoti
sijodavau, sijoti
sijodavai, sijoti
sijodavo, sijoti
sijodavome, sijoti
sijodavote, sijoti
sijosiu, sijoti
sijosi, sijoti
sijos, sijoti
sijosime, sijoti
sijosite, sijoti
sijočiau, sijoti
sijotum(ei), sijoti
sijotų, sijoti
sijotu(mė)me, sijoti
sijotu(mė)te, sijoti
šikti, šikti
šiku, šikti
šiki, šikti
šika, šikti
šikame, šikti
šikate, šikti
šik, šikti
šikite, šikti
šikime, šikti
šikau, šikti
šikai, šikti
šiko, šikti
šikome, šikti
šikote, šikti
šikdavau, šikti
šikdavai, šikti
šikdavo, šikti
šikdavome, šikti
šikdavote, šikti
šiksiu, šikti
šiksi, šikti
šiks, šikti
šiksime, šikti
šiksite, šikti
šikčiau, šikti
šiktum(ei), šikti
šiktų, šikti
šiktu(mė)me, šikti
šiktu(mė)te, šikti
šildyti, šildyti
šildžau, šildyti
šildai, šildyti
šildo, šildyti
šildome, šildyti
šildote, šildyti
šildyk, šildyti
šildykite, šildyti
šildykime, šildyti
šildei, šildyti
šildė, šildyti
šildėme, šildyti
šildėte, šildyti
šildydavau, šildyti
šildydavai, šildyti
šildydavo, šildyti
šildydavome, šildyti
šildydavote, šildyti
šildysiu, šildyti
šildysi, šildyti
šildys, šildyti
šildysime, šildyti
šildysite, šildyti
šildyčiau, šildyti
šildytum(ei), šildyti
šildytų, šildyti
šildytu(mė)me, šildyti
šildytu(mė)te, šildyti
silpnėti, silpnėti
silpnėju, silpnėti
silpnėji, silpnėti
silpnėja, silpnėti
silpnėjame, silpnėti
silpnėjate, silpnėti
silpnėk, silpnėti
silpnėkite, silpnėti
silpnėkime, silpnėti
silpnėjau, silpnėti
silpnėjai, silpnėti
silpnėjo, silpnėti
silpnėjome, silpnėti
silpnėjote, silpnėti
silpnėdavau, silpnėti
silpnėdavai, silpnėti
silpnėdavo, silpnėti
silpnėdavome, silpnėti
silpnėdavote, silpnėti
silpnėsiu, silpnėti
silpnėsi, silpnėti
silpnės, silpnėti
silpnėsime, silpnėti
silpnėsite, silpnėti
silpnėčiau, silpnėti
silpnėtum(ei), silpnėti
silpnėtų, silpnėti
silpnėtu(mė)me, silpnėti
silpnėtu(mė)te, silpnėti
silpninti, silpninti
silpninu, silpninti
silpnini, silpninti
silpnina, silpninti
silpniname, silpninti
silpninate, silpninti
silpnink, silpninti
silpninkite, silpninti
silpninkime, silpninti
silpninau, silpninti
silpninai, silpninti
silpnino, silpninti
silpninome, silpninti
silpninote, silpninti
silpnindavau, silpninti
silpnindavai, silpninti
silpnindavo, silpninti
silpnindavome, silpninti
silpnindavote, silpninti
silpninsiu, silpninti
silpninsi, silpninti
silpnins, silpninti
silpninsime, silpninti
silpninsite, silpninti
silpninčiau, silpninti
silpnintum(ei), silpninti
silpnintų, silpninti
silpnintu(mė)me, silpninti
silpnintu(mė)te, silpninti
šilti, šilti
šylu, šilti
šyli, šilti
šyla, šilti
šylame, šilti
šylate, šilti
šilk, šilti
šilkite, šilti
šilkime, šilti
šilau, šilti
šilai, šilti
šilo, šilti
šilome, šilti
šilote, šilti
šildavau, šilti
šildavai, šilti
šildavo, šilti
šildavome, šilti
šildavote, šilti
šilsiu, šilti
šilsi, šilti
šils, šilti
šilsime, šilti
šilsite, šilti
šilčiau, šilti
šiltum(ei), šilti
šiltų, šilti
šiltu(mė)me, šilti
šiltu(mė)te, šilti
sirgti, sirgti
sergu, sirgti
sergi, sirgti
serga, sirgti
sergame, sirgti
sergate, sirgti
sirk, sirgti
sirkite, sirgti
sirkime, sirgti
sirgau, sirgti
sirgai, sirgti
sirgo, sirgti
sirgome, sirgti
sirgote, sirgti
sirgdavau, sirgti
sirgdavai, sirgti
sirgdavo, sirgti
sirgdavome, sirgti
sirgdavote, sirgti
sirgsiu, sirgti
sirgsi, sirgti
sirgs, sirgti
sirgsime, sirgti
sirgsite, sirgti
sirgčiau, sirgti
sirgtum(ei), sirgti
sirgtų, sirgti
sirgtu(mė)me, sirgti
sirgtu(mė)te, sirgti
širsti, širsti
širstu, širsti
širsti, širsti
širsta, širsti
širstame, širsti
širstate, širsti
širsk, širsti
širskite, širsti
širskime, širsti
širdau, širsti
širdai, širsti
širdo, širsti
širdome, širsti
širdote, širsti
širsdavau, širsti
širsdavai, širsti
širsdavo, širsti
širsdavome, širsti
širsdavote, širsti
širsiu, širsti
širsi, širsti
širs, širsti
širsime, širsti
širsite, širsti
širsčiau, širsti
širstum(ei), širsti
širstų, širsti
širstu(mė)me, širsti
širstu(mė)te, širsti
siūbtelėti, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėju, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėji, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėja, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėjame, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėjate, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėk, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėkite, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėkime, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėjau, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėjai, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėjo, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėjome, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėjote, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėdavau, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėdavai, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėdavo, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėdavome, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėdavote, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėsiu, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėsi, siūbtelėti
siūbtelės, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėsime, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėsite, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėčiau, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėtum(ei), siūbtelėti
siūbtelėtų, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėtu(mė)me, siūbtelėti
siūbtelėtu(mė)te, siūbtelėti
siūbtelti, siūbtelti
siūbteliu, siūbtelti
siūbteli, siūbtelti
siūbteli, siūbtelti
siūbtelime, siūbtelti
siūbtelite, siūbtelti
siūbtelk, siūbtelti
siūbtelkite, siūbtelti
siūbtelkime, siūbtelti
siūbtelėjau, siūbtelti
siūbtelėjai, siūbtelti
siūbtelėjo, siūbtelti
siūbtelėjome, siūbtelti
siūbtelėjote, siūbtelti
siūbteldavau, siūbtelti
siūbteldavai, siūbtelti
siūbteldavo, siūbtelti
siūbteldavome, siūbtelti
siūbteldavote, siūbtelti
siūbtelsiu, siūbtelti
siūbtelsi, siūbtelti
siūbtels, siūbtelti
siūbtelsime, siūbtelti
siūbtelsite, siūbtelti
siūbtelčiau, siūbtelti
siūbteltum(ei), siūbtelti
siūbteltų, siūbtelti
siūbteltu(mė)me, siūbtelti
siūbteltu(mė)te, siūbtelti
siūlyti, siūlyti
siūlau, siūlyti
siūlai, siūlyti
siūlo, siūlyti
siūlome, siūlyti
siūlote, siūlyti
siūlyk, siūlyti
siūlykite, siūlyti
siūlykime, siūlyti
siūliau, siūlyti
siūlei, siūlyti
siūlė, siūlyti
siūlėme, siūlyti
siūlėte, siūlyti
siūlydavau, siūlyti
siūlydavai, siūlyti
siūlydavo, siūlyti
siūlydavome, siūlyti
siūlydavote, siūlyti
siūlysiu, siūlyti
siūlysi, siūlyti
siūlys, siūlyti
siūlysime, siūlyti
siūlysite, siūlyti
siūlyčiau, siūlyti
siūlytum(ei), siūlyti
siūlytų, siūlyti
siūlytu(mė)me, siūlyti
siūlytu(mė)te, siūlyti
siurbti, siurbti
siurbiu, siurbti
siurbi, siurbti
siurbia, siurbti
siurbiame, siurbti
siurbiate, siurbti
siurbk, siurbti
siurbkite, siurbti
siurbkime, siurbti
siurbiau, siurbti
siurbei, siurbti
siurbė, siurbti
siurbėme, siurbti
siurbėte, siurbti
siurbdavau, siurbti
siurbdavai, siurbti
siurbdavo, siurbti
siurbdavome, siurbti
siurbdavote, siurbti
siurbsiu, siurbti
siurbsi, siurbti
siurbs, siurbti
siurbsime, siurbti
siurbsite, siurbti
siurbčiau, siurbti
siurbtum(ei), siurbti
siurbtų, siurbti
siurbtu(mė)me, siurbti
siurbtu(mė)te, siurbti
šiurkšti, šiurkšti
šiurkščiu, šiurkšti
šiurkšči, šiurkšti
šiurkščia, šiurkšti
šiurkščiame, šiurkšti
šiurkščiate, šiurkšti
šiurkšk, šiurkšti
šiurkškite, šiurkšti
šiurkškime, šiurkšti
šiurkštei, šiurkšti
šiurkštė, šiurkšti
šiurkštėme, šiurkšti
šiurkštėte, šiurkšti
šiurkšdavau, šiurkšti
šiurkšdavai, šiurkšti
šiurkšdavo, šiurkšti
šiurkšdavome, šiurkšti
šiurkšdavote, šiurkšti
šiurkššiu, šiurkšti
šiurkšši, šiurkšti
šiurkšš, šiurkšti
šiurkššime, šiurkšti
šiurkššite, šiurkšti
šiurkščiau, šiurkšti
šiurkštum(ei), šiurkšti
šiurkštų, šiurkšti
šiurkštu(mė)me, šiurkšti
šiurkštu(mė)te, šiurkšti
siųsti, siųsti
siunčiu, siųsti
siunči, siųsti
siunčia, siųsti
siunčiame, siųsti
siunčiate, siųsti
siųsk, siųsti
siųskite, siųsti
siųskime, siųsti
siuntei, siųsti
siuntė, siųsti
siuntėme, siųsti
siuntėte, siųsti
siųsdavau, siųsti
siųsdavai, siųsti
siųsdavo, siųsti
siųsdavome, siųsti
siųsdavote, siųsti
siųsiu, siųsti
siųsi, siųsti
siųs, siųsti
siųsime, siųsti
siųsite, siųsti
siųsčiau, siųsti
siųstum(ei), siųsti
siųstų, siųsti
siųstu(mė)me, siųsti
siųstu(mė)te, siųsti
siusti, siusti
siuntu, siusti
siunti, siusti
siunta, siusti
siuntame, siusti
siuntate, siusti
siusk, siusti
siuskite, siusti
siuskime, siusti
siutau, siusti
siutai, siusti
siuto, siusti
siutome, siusti
siutote, siusti
siusdavau, siusti
siusdavai, siusti
siusdavo, siusti
siusdavome, siusti
siusdavote, siusti
siusiu, siusti
siusi, siusti
sius, siusti
siusime, siusti
siusite, siusti
siusčiau, siusti
siustum(ei), siusti
siustų, siusti
siustu(mė)me, siusti
siustu(mė)te, siusti
siūti, siūti
siuvu, siūti
siuvi, siūti
siuva, siūti
siuvame, siūti
siuvate, siūti
siūk, siūti
siūkite, siūti
siūkime, siūti
siuvau, siūti
siuvai, siūti
siuvo, siūti
siuvome, siūti
siuvote, siūti
siūdavau, siūti
siūdavai, siūti
siūdavo, siūti
siūdavome, siūti
siūdavote, siūti
siūsiu, siūti
siūsi, siūti
sius, siūti
siūsime, siūti
siūsite, siūti
siūčiau, siūti
siūtum(ei), siūti
siūtų, siūti
siūtu(mė)me, siūti
siūtu(mė)te, siūti
siuvinėti, siuvinėti
siuvinėju, siuvinėti
siuvinėji, siuvinėti
siuvinėja, siuvinėti
siuvinėjame, siuvinėti
siuvinėjate, siuvinėti
siuvinėk, siuvinėti
siuvinėkite, siuvinėti
siuvinėkime, siuvinėti
siuvinėjau, siuvinėti
siuvinėjai, siuvinėti
siuvinėjo, siuvinėti
siuvinėjome, siuvinėti
siuvinėjote, siuvinėti
siuvinėdavau, siuvinėti
siuvinėdavai, siuvinėti
siuvinėdavo, siuvinėti
siuvinėdavome, siuvinėti
siuvinėdavote, siuvinėti
siuvinėsiu, siuvinėti
siuvinėsi, siuvinėti
siuvinės, siuvinėti
siuvinėsime, siuvinėti
siuvinėsite, siuvinėti
siuvinėčiau, siuvinėti
siuvinėtum(ei), siuvinėti
siuvinėtų, siuvinėti
siuvinėtu(mė)me, siuvinėti
siuvinėtu(mė)te, siuvinėti
skabyti, skabyti
skabau, skabyti
skabai, skabyti
skabo, skabyti
skabome, skabyti
skabote, skabyti
skabyk, skabyti
skabykite, skabyti
skabykime, skabyti
skabiau, skabyti
skabei, skabyti
skabė, skabyti
skabėme, skabyti
skabėte, skabyti
skabydavau, skabyti
skabydavai, skabyti
skabydavo, skabyti
skabydavome, skabyti
skabydavote, skabyti
skabysiu, skabyti
skabysi, skabyti
skabys, skabyti
skabysime, skabyti
skabysite, skabyti
skabyčiau, skabyti
skabytum(ei), skabyti
skabytų, skabyti
skabytu(mė)me, skabyti
skabytu(mė)te, skabyti
skaičiuoti, skaičiuoti
skaičiuoju, skaičiuoti
skaičiuoji, skaičiuoti
skaičiuoja, skaičiuoti
skaičiuojame, skaičiuoti
skaičiuojate, skaičiuoti
skaičiuok, skaičiuoti
skaičiuokite, skaičiuoti
skaičiuokime, skaičiuoti
skaičiavau, skaičiuoti
skaičiavai, skaičiuoti
skaičiavo, skaičiuoti
skaičiavome, skaičiuoti
skaičiavote, skaičiuoti
skaičiuodavau, skaičiuoti
skaičiuodavai, skaičiuoti
skaičiuodavo, skaičiuoti
skaičiuodavome, skaičiuoti
skaičiuodavote, skaičiuoti
skaičiuosiu, skaičiuoti
skaičiuosi, skaičiuoti
skaičiuos, skaičiuoti
skaičiuosime, skaičiuoti
skaičiuosite, skaičiuoti
skaičiuočiau, skaičiuoti
skaičiuotum(ei), skaičiuoti
skaičiuotų, skaičiuoti
skaičiuotu(mė)me, skaičiuoti
skaičiuotu(mė)te, skaičiuoti
skaidyti, skaidyti
skaidžau, skaidyti
skaidai, skaidyti
skaido, skaidyti
skaidome, skaidyti
skaidote, skaidyti
skaidyk, skaidyti
skaidykite, skaidyti
skaidykime, skaidyti
skaidei, skaidyti
skaidė, skaidyti
skaidėme, skaidyti
skaidėte, skaidyti
skaidydavau, skaidyti
skaidydavai, skaidyti
skaidydavo, skaidyti
skaidydavome, skaidyti
skaidydavote, skaidyti
skaidysiu, skaidyti
skaidysi, skaidyti
skaidys, skaidyti
skaidysime, skaidyti
skaidysite, skaidyti
skaidyčiau, skaidyti
skaidytum(ei), skaidyti
skaidytų, skaidyti
skaidytu(mė)me, skaidyti
skaidytu(mė)te, skaidyti
skaityti, skaityti
skaitau, skaityti
skaitai, skaityti
skaito, skaityti
skaitome, skaityti
skaitote, skaityti
skaityk, skaityti
skaitykite, skaityti
skaitykime, skaityti
skaitei, skaityti
skaitė, skaityti
skaitėme, skaityti
skaitėte, skaityti
skaitydavau, skaityti
skaitydavai, skaityti
skaitydavo, skaityti
skaitydavome, skaityti
skaitydavote, skaityti
skaitysiu, skaityti
skaitysi, skaityti
skaitys, skaityti
skaitysime, skaityti
skaitysite, skaityti
skaityčiau, skaityti
skaitytum(ei), skaityti
skaitytų, skaityti
skaitytu(mė)me, skaityti
skaitytu(mė)te, skaityti
skalauti, skalauti
skalauju, skalauti
skalauji, skalauti
skalauja, skalauti
skalaujame, skalauti
skalaujate, skalauti
skalauk, skalauti
skalaukite, skalauti
skalaukime, skalauti
skalavau, skalauti
skalavai, skalauti
skalavo, skalauti
skalavome, skalauti
skalavote, skalauti
skalaudavau, skalauti
skalaudavai, skalauti
skalaudavo, skalauti
skalaudavome, skalauti
skalaudavote, skalauti
skalausiu, skalauti
skalausi, skalauti
skalaus, skalauti
skalausime, skalauti
skalausite, skalauti
skalaučiau, skalauti
skalautum(ei), skalauti
skalautų, skalauti
skalautu(mė)me, skalauti
skalautu(mė)te, skalauti
skalbti, skalbti
skalbiu, skalbti
skalbi, skalbti
skalbia, skalbti
skalbiame, skalbti
skalbiate, skalbti
skalbk, skalbti
skalbkite, skalbti
skalbkime, skalbti
skalbiau, skalbti
skalbei, skalbti
skalbė, skalbti
skalbėme, skalbti
skalbėte, skalbti
skalbdavau, skalbti
skalbdavai, skalbti
skalbdavo, skalbti
skalbdavome, skalbti
skalbdavote, skalbti
skalbsiu, skalbti
skalbsi, skalbti
skalbs, skalbti
skalbsime, skalbti
skalbsite, skalbti
skalbčiau, skalbti
skalbtum(ei), skalbti
skalbtų, skalbti
skalbtu(mė)me, skalbti
skalbtu(mė)te, skalbti
skaldyti, skaldyti
skaldžau, skaldyti
skaldai, skaldyti
skaldo, skaldyti
skaldome, skaldyti
skaldote, skaldyti
skaldyk, skaldyti
skaldykite, skaldyti
skaldykime, skaldyti
skaldei, skaldyti
skaldė, skaldyti
skaldėme, skaldyti
skaldėte, skaldyti
skaldydavau, skaldyti
skaldydavai, skaldyti
skaldydavo, skaldyti
skaldydavome, skaldyti
skaldydavote, skaldyti
skaldysiu, skaldyti
skaldysi, skaldyti
skaldys, skaldyti
skaldysime, skaldyti
skaldysite, skaldyti
skaldyčiau, skaldyti
skaldytum(ei), skaldyti
skaldytų, skaldyti
skaldytu(mė)me, skaldyti
skaldytu(mė)te, skaldyti
skambėti, skambėti
skambu, skambėti
skambi, skambėti
skamba, skambėti
skambame, skambėti
skambate, skambėti
skambėk, skambėti
skambėkite, skambėti
skambėkime, skambėti
skambėjau, skambėti
skambėjai, skambėti
skambėjo, skambėti
skambėjome, skambėti
skambėjote, skambėti
skambėdavau, skambėti
skambėdavai, skambėti
skambėdavo, skambėti
skambėdavome, skambėti
skambėdavote, skambėti
skambėsiu, skambėti
skambėsi, skambėti
skambės, skambėti
skambėsime, skambėti
skambėsite, skambėti
skambėčiau, skambėti
skambėtum(ei), skambėti
skambėtų, skambėti
skambėtu(mė)me, skambėti
skambėtu(mė)te, skambėti
skambinti, skambinti
skambinu, skambinti
skambini, skambinti
skambina, skambinti
skambiname, skambinti
skambinate, skambinti
skambink, skambinti
skambinkite, skambinti
skambinkime, skambinti
skambinau, skambinti
skambinai, skambinti
skambino, skambinti
skambinome, skambinti
skambinote, skambinti
skambindavau, skambinti
skambindavai, skambinti
skambindavo, skambinti
skambindavome, skambinti
skambindavote, skambinti
skambinsiu, skambinti
skambinsi, skambinti
skambins, skambinti
skambinsime, skambinti
skambinsite, skambinti
skambinčiau, skambinti
skambintum(ei), skambinti
skambintų, skambinti
skambintu(mė)me, skambinti
skambintu(mė)te, skambinti
skanauti, skanauti
skanauju, skanauti
skanauji, skanauti
skanauja, skanauti
skanaujame, skanauti
skanaujate, skanauti
skanauk, skanauti
skanaukite, skanauti
skanaukime, skanauti
skanavau, skanauti
skanavai, skanauti
skanavo, skanauti
skanavome, skanauti
skanavote, skanauti
skanaudavau, skanauti
skanaudavai, skanauti
skanaudavo, skanauti
skanaudavome, skanauti
skanaudavote, skanauti
skanausiu, skanauti
skanausi, skanauti
skanaus, skanauti
skanausime, skanauti
skanausite, skanauti
skanaučiau, skanauti
skanautum(ei), skanauti
skanautų, skanauti
skanautu(mė)me, skanauti
skanautu(mė)te, skanauti
skandinti, skandinti
skandinu, skandinti
skandini, skandinti
skandina, skandinti
skandiname, skandinti
skandinate, skandinti
skandink, skandinti
skandinkite, skandinti
skandinkime, skandinti
skandinau, skandinti
skandinai, skandinti
skandino, skandinti
skandinome, skandinti
skandinote, skandinti
skandindavau, skandinti
skandindavai, skandinti
skandindavo, skandinti
skandindavome, skandinti
skandindavote, skandinti
skandinsiu, skandinti
skandinsi, skandinti
skandins, skandinti
skandinsime, skandinti
skandinsite, skandinti
skandinčiau, skandinti
skandintum(ei), skandinti
skandintų, skandinti
skandintu(mė)me, skandinti
skandintu(mė)te, skandinti
skanduoti, skanduoti
skanduoju, skanduoti
skanduoji, skanduoti
skanduoja, skanduoti
skanduojame, skanduoti
skanduojate, skanduoti
skanduok, skanduoti
skanduokite, skanduoti
skanduokime, skanduoti
skandavau, skanduoti
skandavai, skanduoti
skandavo, skanduoti
skandavome, skanduoti
skandavote, skanduoti
skanduodavau, skanduoti
skanduodavai, skanduoti
skanduodavo, skanduoti
skanduodavome, skanduoti
skanduodavote, skanduoti
skanduosiu, skanduoti
skanduosi, skanduoti
skanduos, skanduoti
skanduosime, skanduoti
skanduosite, skanduoti
skanduočiau, skanduoti
skanduotum(ei), skanduoti
skanduotų, skanduoti
skanduotu(mė)me, skanduoti
skanduotu(mė)te, skanduoti
skaninti, skaninti
skaninu, skaninti
skanini, skaninti
skanina, skaninti
skaniname, skaninti
skaninate, skaninti
skanink, skaninti
skaninkite, skaninti
skaninkime, skaninti
skaninau, skaninti
skaninai, skaninti
skanino, skaninti
skaninome, skaninti
skaninote, skaninti
skanindavau, skaninti
skanindavai, skaninti
skanindavo, skaninti
skanindavome, skaninti
skanindavote, skaninti
skaninsiu, skaninti
skaninsi, skaninti
skanins, skaninti
skaninsime, skaninti
skaninsite, skaninti
skaninčiau, skaninti
skanintum(ei), skaninti
skanintų, skaninti
skanintu(mė)me, skaninti
skanintu(mė)te, skaninti
skatinti, skatinti
skatinu, skatinti
skatini, skatinti
skatina, skatinti
skatiname, skatinti
skatinate, skatinti
skatink, skatinti
skatinkite, skatinti
skatinkime, skatinti
skatinau, skatinti
skatinai, skatinti
skatino, skatinti
skatinome, skatinti
skatinote, skatinti
skatindavau, skatinti
skatindavai, skatinti
skatindavo, skatinti
skatindavome, skatinti
skatindavote, skatinti
skatinsiu, skatinti
skatinsi, skatinti
skatins, skatinti
skatinsime, skatinti
skatinsite, skatinti
skatinčiau, skatinti
skatintum(ei), skatinti
skatintų, skatinti
skatintu(mė)me, skatinti
skatintu(mė)te, skatinti
skaudėti, skaudėti
skaudžu, skaudėti
skaudi, skaudėti
skauda, skaudėti
skaudame, skaudėti
skaudate, skaudėti
skaudėk, skaudėti
skaudėkite, skaudėti
skaudėkime, skaudėti
skaudėjau, skaudėti
skaudėjai, skaudėti
skaudėjo, skaudėti
skaudėjome, skaudėti
skaudėjote, skaudėti
skaudėdavau, skaudėti
skaudėdavai, skaudėti
skaudėdavo, skaudėti
skaudėdavome, skaudėti
skaudėdavote, skaudėti
skaudėsiu, skaudėti
skaudėsi, skaudėti
skaudės, skaudėti
skaudėsime, skaudėti
skaudėsite, skaudėti
skaudėčiau, skaudėti
skaudėtum(ei), skaudėti
skaudėtų, skaudėti
skaudėtu(mė)me, skaudėti
skaudėtu(mė)te, skaudėti
skaudinti, skaudinti
skaudinu, skaudinti
skaudini, skaudinti
skaudina, skaudinti
skaudiname, skaudinti
skaudinate, skaudinti
skaudink, skaudinti
skaudinkite, skaudinti
skaudinkime, skaudinti
skaudinau, skaudinti
skaudinai, skaudinti
skaudino, skaudinti
skaudinome, skaudinti
skaudinote, skaudinti
skaudindavau, skaudinti
skaudindavai, skaudinti
skaudindavo, skaudinti
skaudindavome, skaudinti
skaudindavote, skaudinti
skaudinsiu, skaudinti
skaudinsi, skaudinti
skaudins, skaudinti
skaudinsime, skaudinti
skaudinsite, skaudinti
skaudinčiau, skaudinti
skaudintum(ei), skaudinti
skaudintų, skaudinti
skaudintu(mė)me, skaudinti
skaudintu(mė)te, skaudinti
skelbti, skelbti
skelbiu, skelbti
skelbi, skelbti
skelbia, skelbti
skelbiame, skelbti
skelbiate, skelbti
skelbk, skelbti
skelbkite, skelbti
skelbkime, skelbti
skelbiau, skelbti
skelbei, skelbti
skelbė, skelbti
skelbėme, skelbti
skelbėte, skelbti
skelbdavau, skelbti
skelbdavai, skelbti
skelbdavo, skelbti
skelbdavome, skelbti
skelbdavote, skelbti
skelbsiu, skelbti
skelbsi, skelbti
skelbs, skelbti
skelbsime, skelbti
skelbsite, skelbti
skelbčiau, skelbti
skelbtum(ei), skelbti
skelbtų, skelbti
skelbtu(mė)me, skelbti
skelbtu(mė)te, skelbti
skelti, skelti
skeliu, skelti
skeli, skelti
skelia, skelti
skeliame, skelti
skeliate, skelti
skelk, skelti
skelkite, skelti
skelkime, skelti
skėliau, skelti
skėlei, skelti
skėlė, skelti
skėlėme, skelti
skėlėte, skelti
skeldavau, skelti
skeldavai, skelti
skeldavo, skelti
skeldavome, skelti
skeldavote, skelti
skelsiu, skelti
skelsi, skelti
skels, skelti
skelsime, skelti
skelsite, skelti
skelčiau, skelti
skeltum(ei), skelti
skeltų, skelti
skeltu(mė)me, skelti
skeltu(mė)te, skelti
skenuoti, skenuoti
skenuoju, skenuoti
skenuoji, skenuoti
skenuoja, skenuoti
skenuojame, skenuoti
skenuojate, skenuoti
skenuok, skenuoti
skenuokite, skenuoti
skenuokime, skenuoti
skenavau, skenuoti
skenavai, skenuoti
skenavo, skenuoti
skenavome, skenuoti
skenavote, skenuoti
skenuodavau, skenuoti
skenuodavai, skenuoti
skenuodavo, skenuoti
skenuodavome, skenuoti
skenuodavote, skenuoti
skenuosiu, skenuoti
skenuosi, skenuoti
skenuos, skenuoti
skenuosime, skenuoti
skenuosite, skenuoti
skenuočiau, skenuoti
skenuotum(ei), skenuoti
skenuotų, skenuoti
skenuotu(mė)me, skenuoti
skenuotu(mė)te, skenuoti
skersti, skersti
skerdžiu, skersti
skerdži, skersti
skerdžia, skersti
skerdžiame, skersti
skerdžiate, skersti
skersk, skersti
skerskite, skersti
skerskime, skersti
skerdei, skersti
skerdė, skersti
skerdėme, skersti
skerdėte, skersti
skersdavau, skersti
skersdavai, skersti
skersdavo, skersti
skersdavome, skersti
skersdavote, skersti
skersiu, skersti
skersi, skersti
skers, skersti
skersime, skersti
skersite, skersti
skersčiau, skersti
skerstum(ei), skersti
skerstų, skersti
skerstu(mė)me, skersti
skerstu(mė)te, skersti
skeryčioti, skeryčioti
skeryčioju, skeryčioti
skeryčioji, skeryčioti
skeryčioja, skeryčioti
skeryčiojame, skeryčioti
skeryčiojate, skeryčioti
skeryčiok, skeryčioti
skeryčiokite, skeryčioti
skeryčiokime, skeryčioti
skeryčiojau, skeryčioti
skeryčiojai, skeryčioti
skeryčiojo, skeryčioti
skeryčiojome, skeryčioti
skeryčiojote, skeryčioti
skeryčiodavau, skeryčioti
skeryčiodavai, skeryčioti
skeryčiodavo, skeryčioti
skeryčiodavome, skeryčioti
skeryčiodavote, skeryčioti
skeryčiosiu, skeryčioti
skeryčiosi, skeryčioti
skeryčios, skeryčioti
skeryčiosime, skeryčioti
skeryčiosite, skeryčioti
skeryčiočiau, skeryčioti
skeryčiotum(ei), skeryčioti
skeryčiotų, skeryčioti
skeryčiotu(mė)me, skeryčioti
skeryčiotu(mė)te, skeryčioti
skėsčioti, skėsčioti
skėsčioju, skėsčioti
skėsčioji, skėsčioti
skėsčioja, skėsčioti
skėsčiojame, skėsčioti
skėsčiojate, skėsčioti
skėsčiok, skėsčioti
skėsčiokite, skėsčioti
skėsčiokime, skėsčioti
skėsčiojau, skėsčioti
skėsčiojai, skėsčioti
skėsčiojo, skėsčioti
skėsčiojome, skėsčioti
skėsčiojote, skėsčioti
skėsčiodavau, skėsčioti
skėsčiodavai, skėsčioti
skėsčiodavo, skėsčioti
skėsčiodavome, skėsčioti
skėsčiodavote, skėsčioti
skėsčiosiu, skėsčioti
skėsčiosi, skėsčioti
skėsčios, skėsčioti
skėsčiosime, skėsčioti
skėsčiosite, skėsčioti
skėsčiočiau, skėsčioti
skėsčiotum(ei), skėsčioti
skėsčiotų, skėsčioti
skėsčiotu(mė)me, skėsčioti
skėsčiotu(mė)te, skėsčioti
skėsti, skėsti
skečiu, skėsti
skeči, skėsti
skečia, skėsti
skečiame, skėsti
skečiate, skėsti
skėsk, skėsti
skėskite, skėsti
skėskime, skėsti
skėtei, skėsti
skėtė, skėsti
skėtėme, skėsti
skėtėte, skėsti
skėsdavau, skėsti
skėsdavai, skėsti
skėsdavo, skėsti
skėsdavome, skėsti
skėsdavote, skėsti
skėsiu, skėsti
skėsi, skėsti
skės, skėsti
skėsime, skėsti
skėsite, skėsti
skėsčiau, skėsti
skėstum(ei), skėsti
skėstų, skėsti
skėstu(mė)me, skėsti
skėstu(mė)te, skėsti
skęsti, skęsti
skėsčioju, skęsti
skėsčioji, skęsti
skėsčioja, skęsti
skėsčiojame, skęsti
skėsčiojate, skęsti
skęsk, skęsti
skęskite, skęsti
skęskime, skęsti
skėsčiojau, skęsti
skėsčiojai, skęsti
skėsčiojo, skęsti
skėsčiojome, skęsti
skėsčiojote, skęsti
skęsdavau, skęsti
skęsdavai, skęsti
skęsdavo, skęsti
skęsdavome, skęsti
skęsdavote, skęsti
skęsiu, skęsti
skęsi, skęsti
skęs, skęsti
skęsime, skęsti
skęsite, skęsti
skęsčiau, skęsti
skęstum(ei), skęsti
skęstų, skęsti
skęstu(mė)me, skęsti
skęstu(mė)te, skęsti
skiepyti, skiepyti
skiepiju, skiepyti
skiepiji, skiepyti
skiepija, skiepyti
skiepijame, skiepyti
skiepijate, skiepyti
skiepyk, skiepyti
skiepykite, skiepyti
skiepykime, skiepyti
skiepijau, skiepyti
skiepijai, skiepyti
skiepijo, skiepyti
skiepijome, skiepyti
skiepijote, skiepyti
skiepydavau, skiepyti
skiepydavai, skiepyti
skiepydavo, skiepyti
skiepydavome, skiepyti
skiepydavote, skiepyti
skiepysiu, skiepyti
skiepysi, skiepyti
skiepis, skiepyti
skiepysime, skiepyti
skiepysite, skiepyti
skiepyčiau, skiepyti
skiepytum(ei), skiepyti
skiepytų, skiepyti
skiepytu(mė)me, skiepyti
skiepytu(mė)te, skiepyti
skiesti, skiesti
skiedžiu, skiesti
skiedži, skiesti
skiedžia, skiesti
skiedžiame, skiesti
skiedžiate, skiesti
skiesk, skiesti
skieskite, skiesti
skieskime, skiesti
skiedei, skiesti
skiedė, skiesti
skiedėme, skiesti
skiedėte, skiesti
skiesdavau, skiesti
skiesdavai, skiesti
skiesdavo, skiesti
skiesdavome, skiesti
skiesdavote, skiesti
skiesiu, skiesti
skiesi, skiesti
skies, skiesti
skiesime, skiesti
skiesite, skiesti
skiesčiau, skiesti
skiestum(ei), skiesti
skiestų, skiesti
skiestu(mė)me, skiesti
skiestu(mė)te, skiesti
skilti, skilti
skylu, skilti
skyli, skilti
skyla, skilti
skylame, skilti
skylate, skilti
skilk, skilti
skilkite, skilti
skilkime, skilti
skilau, skilti
skilai, skilti
skilo, skilti
skilome, skilti
skilote, skilti
skildavau, skilti
skildavai, skilti
skildavo, skilti
skildavome, skilti
skildavote, skilti
skilsiu, skilti
skilsi, skilti
skils, skilti
skilsime, skilti
skilsite, skilti
skilčiau, skilti
skiltum(ei), skilti
skiltų, skilti
skiltu(mė)me, skilti
skiltu(mė)te, skilti
skinti, skinti
skinu, skinti
skini, skinti
skina, skinti
skiname, skinti
skinate, skinti
skink, skinti
skinkite, skinti
skinkime, skinti
skyniau, skinti
skynei, skinti
skynė, skinti
skynėme, skinti
skynėte, skinti
skindavau, skinti
skindavai, skinti
skindavo, skinti
skindavome, skinti
skindavote, skinti
skinsiu, skinti
skinsi, skinti
skins, skinti
skinsime, skinti
skinsite, skinti
skinčiau, skinti
skintum(ei), skinti
skintų, skinti
skintu(mė)me, skinti
skintu(mė)te, skinti
skirstyti, skirstyti
skirstau, skirstyti
skirstai, skirstyti
skirsto, skirstyti
skirstome, skirstyti
skirstote, skirstyti
skirstyk, skirstyti
skirstykite, skirstyti
skirstykime, skirstyti
skirstei, skirstyti
skirstė, skirstyti
skirstėme, skirstyti
skirstėte, skirstyti
skirstydavau, skirstyti
skirstydavai, skirstyti
skirstydavo, skirstyti
skirstydavome, skirstyti
skirstydavote, skirstyti
skirstysiu, skirstyti
skirstysi, skirstyti
skirstys, skirstyti
skirstysime, skirstyti
skirstysite, skirstyti
skirstyčiau, skirstyti
skirstytum(ei), skirstyti
skirstytų, skirstyti
skirstytu(mė)me, skirstyti
skirstytu(mė)te, skirstyti
skirti, skirti
skiriu, skirti
skiri, skirti
skiria, skirti
skiriame, skirti
skiriate, skirti
skirk, skirti
skirkite, skirti
skirkime, skirti
skyriau, skirti
skyrei, skirti
skyrė, skirti
skyrėme, skirti
skyrėte, skirti
skirdavau, skirti
skirdavai, skirti
skirdavo, skirti
skirdavome, skirti
skirdavote, skirti
skirsiu, skirti
skirsi, skirti
skirs, skirti
skirsime, skirti
skirsite, skirti
skirčiau, skirti
skirtum(ei), skirti
skirtų, skirti
skirtu(mė)me, skirti
skirtu(mė)te, skirti
sklaidyti, sklaidyti
sklaidžau, sklaidyti
sklaidai, sklaidyti
sklaido, sklaidyti
sklaidome, sklaidyti
sklaidote, sklaidyti
sklaidyk, sklaidyti
sklaidykite, sklaidyti
sklaidykime, sklaidyti
sklaidei, sklaidyti
sklaidė, sklaidyti
sklaidėme, sklaidyti
sklaidėte, sklaidyti
sklaidydavau, sklaidyti
sklaidydavai, sklaidyti
sklaidydavo, sklaidyti
sklaidydavome, sklaidyti
sklaidydavote, sklaidyti
sklaidysiu, sklaidyti
sklaidysi, sklaidyti
sklaidys, sklaidyti
sklaidysime, sklaidyti
sklaidysite, sklaidyti
sklaidyčiau, sklaidyti
sklaidytum(ei), sklaidyti
sklaidytų, sklaidyti
sklaidytu(mė)me, sklaidyti
sklaidytu(mė)te, sklaidyti
skleisti, skleisti
skleidžiu, skleisti
skleidži, skleisti
skleidžia, skleisti
skleidžiame, skleisti
skleidžiate, skleisti
skleisk, skleisti
skleiskite, skleisti
skleiskime, skleisti
skleidei, skleisti
skleidė, skleisti
skleidėme, skleisti
skleidėte, skleisti
skleisdavau, skleisti
skleisdavai, skleisti
skleisdavo, skleisti
skleisdavome, skleisti
skleisdavote, skleisti
skleisiu, skleisti
skleisi, skleisti
skleis, skleisti
skleisime, skleisti
skleisite, skleisti
skleisčiau, skleisti
skleistum(ei), skleisti
skleistų, skleisti
skleistu(mė)me, skleisti
skleistu(mė)te, skleisti
sklęsti, sklęsti
sklendžiu, sklęsti
sklendži, sklęsti
sklendžia, sklęsti
sklendžiame, sklęsti
sklendžiate, sklęsti
sklęsk, sklęsti
sklęskite, sklęsti
sklęskime, sklęsti
sklendei, sklęsti
sklendė, sklęsti
sklendėme, sklęsti
sklendėte, sklęsti
sklęsdavau, sklęsti
sklęsdavai, sklęsti
sklęsdavo, sklęsti
sklęsdavome, sklęsti
sklęsdavote, sklęsti
sklęsiu, sklęsti
sklęsi, sklęsti
sklęs, sklęsti
sklęsime, sklęsti
sklęsite, sklęsti
sklęsčiau, sklęsti
sklęstum(ei), sklęsti
sklęstų, sklęsti
sklęstu(mė)me, sklęsti
sklęstu(mė)te, sklęsti
sklisti, sklisti
sklindžu, sklisti
sklindi, sklisti
sklinda, sklisti
sklindame, sklisti
sklindate, sklisti
sklisk, sklisti
skliskite, sklisti
skliskime, sklisti
sklidau, sklisti
sklidai, sklisti
sklido, sklisti
sklidome, sklisti
sklidote, sklisti
sklisdavau, sklisti
sklisdavai, sklisti
sklisdavo, sklisti
sklisdavome, sklisti
sklisdavote, sklisti
sklisiu, sklisti
sklisi, sklisti
sklis, sklisti
sklisime, sklisti
sklisite, sklisti
sklisčiau, sklisti
sklistum(ei), sklisti
sklistų, sklisti
sklistu(mė)me, sklisti
sklistu(mė)te, sklisti
skolinti, skolinti
skolinu, skolinti
skolini, skolinti
skolina, skolinti
skoliname, skolinti
skolinate, skolinti
skolink, skolinti
skolinkite, skolinti
skolinkime, skolinti
skolinau, skolinti
skolinai, skolinti
skolino, skolinti
skolinome, skolinti
skolinote, skolinti
skolindavau, skolinti
skolindavai, skolinti
skolindavo, skolinti
skolindavome, skolinti
skolindavote, skolinti
skolinsiu, skolinti
skolinsi, skolinti
skolins, skolinti
skolinsime, skolinti
skolinsite, skolinti
skolinčiau, skolinti
skolintum(ei), skolinti
skolintų, skolinti
skolintu(mė)me, skolinti
skolintu(mė)te, skolinti
skraidinti, skraidinti
skraidinu, skraidinti
skraidini, skraidinti
skraidina, skraidinti
skraidiname, skraidinti
skraidinate, skraidinti
skraidink, skraidinti
skraidinkite, skraidinti
skraidinkime, skraidinti
skraidinau, skraidinti
skraidinai, skraidinti
skraidino, skraidinti
skraidinome, skraidinti
skraidinote, skraidinti
skraidindavau, skraidinti
skraidindavai, skraidinti
skraidindavo, skraidinti
skraidindavome, skraidinti
skraidindavote, skraidinti
skraidinsiu, skraidinti
skraidinsi, skraidinti
skraidins, skraidinti
skraidinsime, skraidinti
skraidinsite, skraidinti
skraidinčiau, skraidinti
skraidintum(ei), skraidinti
skraidintų, skraidinti
skraidintu(mė)me, skraidinti
skraidintu(mė)te, skraidinti
skraidyti, skraidyti
skraidžau, skraidyti
skraidai, skraidyti
skraido, skraidyti
skraidome, skraidyti
skraidote, skraidyti
skraidyk, skraidyti
skraidykite, skraidyti
skraidykime, skraidyti
skraidei, skraidyti
skraidė, skraidyti
skraidėme, skraidyti
skraidėte, skraidyti
skraidydavau, skraidyti
skraidydavai, skraidyti
skraidydavo, skraidyti
skraidydavome, skraidyti
skraidydavote, skraidyti
skraidysiu, skraidyti
skraidysi, skraidyti
skraidys, skraidyti
skraidysime, skraidyti
skraidysite, skraidyti
skraidyčiau, skraidyti
skraidytum(ei), skraidyti
skraidytų, skraidyti
skraidytu(mė)me, skraidyti
skraidytu(mė)te, skraidyti
skrepliuoti, skrepliuoti
 skrepliuoju, skrepliuoti
 skrepliuoji, skrepliuoti
 skrepliuoja, skrepliuoti
 skrepliuojame, skrepliuoti
 skrepliuojate, skrepliuoti
skrepliuok, skrepliuoti
skrepliuokite, skrepliuoti
skrepliuokime, skrepliuoti
 skrepliavau, skrepliuoti
 skrepliavai, skrepliuoti
 skrepliavo, skrepliuoti
 skrepliavome, skrepliuoti
 skrepliavote, skrepliuoti
skrepliuodavau, skrepliuoti
skrepliuodavai, skrepliuoti
skrepliuodavo, skrepliuoti
skrepliuodavome, skrepliuoti
skrepliuodavote, skrepliuoti
skrepliuosiu, skrepliuoti
skrepliuosi, skrepliuoti
skrepliuos, skrepliuoti
skrepliuosime, skrepliuoti
skrepliuosite, skrepliuoti
skrepliuočiau, skrepliuoti
skrepliuotum(ei), skrepliuoti
skrepliuotų, skrepliuoti
skrepliuotu(mė)me, skrepliuoti
skrepliuotu(mė)te, skrepliuoti
skriausti, skriausti
skriaudžiu, skriausti
skriaudži, skriausti
skriaudžia, skriausti
skriaudžiame, skriausti
skriaudžiate, skriausti
skriausk, skriausti
skriauskite, skriausti
skriauskime, skriausti
skriaudei, skriausti
skriaudė, skriausti
skriaudėme, skriausti
skriaudėte, skriausti
skriausdavau, skriausti
skriausdavai, skriausti
skriausdavo, skriausti
skriausdavome, skriausti
skriausdavote, skriausti
skriausiu, skriausti
skriausi, skriausti
skriaus, skriausti
skriausime, skriausti
skriausite, skriausti
skriausčiau, skriausti
skriaustum(ei), skriausti
skriaustų, skriausti
skriaustu(mė)me, skriausti
skriaustu(mė)te, skriausti
skrieti, skrieti
skrieju, skrieti
skrieji, skrieti
skrieja, skrieti
skriejame, skrieti
skriejate, skrieti
skriek, skrieti
skriekite, skrieti
skriekime, skrieti
skriejau, skrieti
skriejai, skrieti
skriejo, skrieti
skriejome, skrieti
skriejote, skrieti
skriedavau, skrieti
skriedavai, skrieti
skriedavo, skrieti
skriedavome, skrieti
skriedavote, skrieti
skriesiu, skrieti
skriesi, skrieti
skries, skrieti
skriesime, skrieti
skriesite, skrieti
skriečiau, skrieti
skrietum(ei), skrieti
skrietų, skrieti
skrietu(mė)me, skrieti
skrietu(mė)te, skrieti
skristi, skristi
skrendžu, skristi
skrendi, skristi
skrenda, skristi
skrendame, skristi
skrendate, skristi
skrisk, skristi
skriskite, skristi
skriskime, skristi
skridau, skristi
skridai, skristi
skrido, skristi
skridome, skristi
skridote, skristi
skrisdavau, skristi
skrisdavai, skristi
skrisdavo, skristi
skrisdavome, skristi
skrisdavote, skristi
skrisiu, skristi
skrisi, skristi
skris, skristi
skrisime, skristi
skrisite, skristi
skrisčiau, skristi
skristum(ei), skristi
skristų, skristi
skristu(mė)me, skristi
skristu(mė)te, skristi
skrosti, skrosti
skrodžiu, skrosti
skrodži, skrosti
skrodžia, skrosti
skrodžiame, skrosti
skrodžiate, skrosti
skrosk, skrosti
skroskite, skrosti
skroskime, skrosti
skrodei, skrosti
skrodė, skrosti
skrodėme, skrosti
skrodėte, skrosti
skrosdavau, skrosti
skrosdavai, skrosti
skrosdavo, skrosti
skrosdavome, skrosti
skrosdavote, skrosti
skrosiu, skrosti
skrosi, skrosti
skros, skrosti
skrosime, skrosti
skrosite, skrosti
skrosčiau, skrosti
skrostum(ei), skrosti
skrostų, skrosti
skrostu(mė)me, skrosti
skrostu(mė)te, skrosti
skrudinti, skrudinti
skrudinu, skrudinti
skrudini, skrudinti
skrudina, skrudinti
skrudiname, skrudinti
skrudinate, skrudinti
skrudink, skrudinti
skrudinkite, skrudinti
skrudinkime, skrudinti
skrudinau, skrudinti
skrudinai, skrudinti
skrudino, skrudinti
skrudinome, skrudinti
skrudinote, skrudinti
skrudindavau, skrudinti
skrudindavai, skrudinti
skrudindavo, skrudinti
skrudindavome, skrudinti
skrudindavote, skrudinti
skrudinsiu, skrudinti
skrudinsi, skrudinti
skrudins, skrudinti
skrudinsime, skrudinti
skrudinsite, skrudinti
skrudinčiau, skrudinti
skrudintum(ei), skrudinti
skrudintų, skrudinti
skrudintu(mė)me, skrudinti
skrudintu(mė)te, skrudinti
skubėti, skubėti
skubu, skubėti
skubi, skubėti
skuba, skubėti
skubame, skubėti
skubate, skubėti
skubėk, skubėti
skubėkite, skubėti
skubėkime, skubėti
skubėjau, skubėti
skubėjai, skubėti
skubėjo, skubėti
skubėjome, skubėti
skubėjote, skubėti
skubėdavau, skubėti
skubėdavai, skubėti
skubėdavo, skubėti
skubėdavome, skubėti
skubėdavote, skubėti
skubėsiu, skubėti
skubėsi, skubėti
skubės, skubėti
skubėsime, skubėti
skubėsite, skubėti
skubėčiau, skubėti
skubėtum(ei), skubėti
skubėtų, skubėti
skubėtu(mė)me, skubėti
skubėtu(mė)te, skubėti
skubinti, skubinti
skubinu, skubinti
skubini, skubinti
skubina, skubinti
skubiname, skubinti
skubinate, skubinti
skubink, skubinti
skubinkite, skubinti
skubinkime, skubinti
skubinau, skubinti
skubinai, skubinti
skubino, skubinti
skubinome, skubinti
skubinote, skubinti
skubindavau, skubinti
skubindavai, skubinti
skubindavo, skubinti
skubindavome, skubinti
skubindavote, skubinti
skubinsiu, skubinti
skubinsi, skubinti
skubins, skubinti
skubinsime, skubinti
skubinsite, skubinti
skubinčiau, skubinti
skubintum(ei), skubinti
skubintų, skubinti
skubintu(mė)me, skubinti
skubintu(mė)te, skubinti
skursti, skursti
skurstu, skursti
skursti, skursti
skursta, skursti
skurstame, skursti
skurstate, skursti
skursk, skursti
skurskite, skursti
skurskime, skursti
skurdau, skursti
skurdai, skursti
skurdo, skursti
skurdome, skursti
skurdote, skursti
skursdavau, skursti
skursdavai, skursti
skursdavo, skursti
skursdavome, skursti
skursdavote, skursti
skursiu, skursti
skursi, skursti
skurs, skursti
skursime, skursti
skursite, skursti
skursčiau, skursti
skurstum(ei), skursti
skurstų, skursti
skurstu(mė)me, skursti
skurstu(mė)te, skursti
skųsti, skųsti
skundžiu, skųsti
skundži, skųsti
skundžia, skųsti
skundžiame, skųsti
skundžiate, skųsti
skųsk, skųsti
skųskite, skųsti
skųskime, skųsti
skundei, skųsti
skundė, skųsti
skundėme, skųsti
skundėte, skųsti
skųsdavau, skųsti
skųsdavai, skųsti
skųsdavo, skųsti
skųsdavome, skųsti
skųsdavote, skųsti
skųsiu, skųsti
skųsi, skųsti
skųs, skųsti
skųsime, skųsti
skųsite, skųsti
skųsčiau, skųsti
skųstum(ei), skųsti
skųstų, skųsti
skųstu(mė)me, skųsti
skųstu(mė)te, skųsti
skusti, skusti
skutu, skusti
skuti, skusti
skuta, skusti
skutame, skusti
skutate, skusti
skusk, skusti
skuskite, skusti
skuskime, skusti
skutau, skusti
skutai, skusti
skuto, skusti
skutome, skusti
skutote, skusti
skusdavau, skusti
skusdavai, skusti
skusdavo, skusti
skusdavome, skusti
skusdavote, skusti
skusiu, skusti
skusi, skusti
skus, skusti
skusime, skusti
skusite, skusti
skusčiau, skusti
skustum(ei), skusti
skustų, skusti
skustu(mė)me, skusti
skustu(mė)te, skusti
skutinėti, skutinėti
skutinėju, skutinėti
skutinėji, skutinėti
skutinėja, skutinėti
skutinėjame, skutinėti
skutinėjate, skutinėti
skutinėk, skutinėti
skutinėkite, skutinėti
skutinėkime, skutinėti
skutinėjau, skutinėti
skutinėjai, skutinėti
skutinėjo, skutinėti
skutinėjome, skutinėti
skutinėjote, skutinėti
skutinėdavau, skutinėti
skutinėdavai, skutinėti
skutinėdavo, skutinėti
skutinėdavome, skutinėti
skutinėdavote, skutinėti
skutinėsiu, skutinėti
skutinėsi, skutinėti
skutinės, skutinėti
skutinėsime, skutinėti
skutinėsite, skutinėti
skutinėčiau, skutinėti
skutinėtum(ei), skutinėti
skutinėtų, skutinėti
skutinėtu(mė)me, skutinėti
skutinėtu(mė)te, skutinėti
šlamėti, šlamėti
šlamu, šlamėti
šlami, šlamėti
šlama, šlamėti
šlamame, šlamėti
šlamate, šlamėti
šlamėk, šlamėti
šlamėkite, šlamėti
šlamėkime, šlamėti
šlamėjau, šlamėti
šlamėjai, šlamėti
šlamėjo, šlamėti
šlamėjome, šlamėti
šlamėjote, šlamėti
šlamėdavau, šlamėti
šlamėdavai, šlamėti
šlamėdavo, šlamėti
šlamėdavome, šlamėti
šlamėdavote, šlamėti
šlamėsiu, šlamėti
šlamėsi, šlamėti
šlamės, šlamėti
šlamėsime, šlamėti
šlamėsite, šlamėti
šlamėčiau, šlamėti
šlamėtum(ei), šlamėti
šlamėtų, šlamėti
šlamėtu(mė)me, šlamėti
šlamėtu(mė)te, šlamėti
slankinti, slankinti
slankinu, slankinti
slankini, slankinti
slankina, slankinti
slankiname, slankinti
slankinate, slankinti
slankink, slankinti
slankinkite, slankinti
slankinkime, slankinti
slankinau, slankinti
slankinai, slankinti
slankino, slankinti
slankinome, slankinti
slankinote, slankinti
slankindavau, slankinti
slankindavai, slankinti
slankindavo, slankinti
slankindavome, slankinti
slankindavote, slankinti
slankinsiu, slankinti
slankinsi, slankinti
slankins, slankinti
slankinsime, slankinti
slankinsite, slankinti
slankinčiau, slankinti
slankintum(ei), slankinti
slankintų, slankinti
slankintu(mė)me, slankinti
slankintu(mė)te, slankinti
slankioti, slankioti
slankioju, slankioti
slankioji, slankioti
slankioja, slankioti
slankiojame, slankioti
slankiojate, slankioti
slankiok, slankioti
slankiokite, slankioti
slankiokime, slankioti
slankiojau, slankioti
slankiojai, slankioti
slankiojo, slankioti
slankiojome, slankioti
slankiojote, slankioti
slankiodavau, slankioti
slankiodavai, slankioti
slankiodavo, slankioti
slankiodavome, slankioti
slankiodavote, slankioti
slankiosiu, slankioti
slankiosi, slankioti
slankios, slankioti
slankiosime, slankioti
slankiosite, slankioti
slankiočiau, slankioti
slankiotum(ei), slankioti
slankiotų, slankioti
slankiotu(mė)me, slankioti
slankiotu(mė)te, slankioti
šlapinti, šlapinti
šlapinu, šlapinti
šlapini, šlapinti
šlapina, šlapinti
šlapiname, šlapinti
šlapinate, šlapinti
šlapink, šlapinti
šlapinkite, šlapinti
šlapinkime, šlapinti
šlapinau, šlapinti
šlapinai, šlapinti
šlapino, šlapinti
šlapinome, šlapinti
šlapinote, šlapinti
šlapindavau, šlapinti
šlapindavai, šlapinti
šlapindavo, šlapinti
šlapindavome, šlapinti
šlapindavote, šlapinti
šlapinsiu, šlapinti
šlapinsi, šlapinti
šlapins, šlapinti
šlapinsime, šlapinti
šlapinsite, šlapinti
šlapinčiau, šlapinti
šlapintum(ei), šlapinti
šlapintų, šlapinti
šlapintu(mė)me, šlapinti
šlapintu(mė)te, šlapinti
šlapti, šlapti
šlampu, šlapti
šlampi, šlapti
šlampa, šlapti
šlampame, šlapti
šlampate, šlapti
šlapk, šlapti
šlapkite, šlapti
šlapkime, šlapti
šlapau, šlapti
šlapai, šlapti
šlapo, šlapti
šlapome, šlapti
šlapote, šlapti
šlapdavau, šlapti
šlapdavai, šlapti
šlapdavo, šlapti
šlapdavome, šlapti
šlapdavote, šlapti
šlapsiu, šlapti
šlapsi, šlapti
šlaps, šlapti
šlapsime, šlapti
šlapsite, šlapti
šlapčiau, šlapti
šlaptum(ei), šlapti
šlaptų, šlapti
šlaptu(mė)me, šlapti
šlaptu(mė)te, šlapti
slaugyti, slaugyti
slaugau, slaugyti
slaugai, slaugyti
slaugo, slaugyti
slaugome, slaugyti
slaugote, slaugyti
slaugyk, slaugyti
slaugykite, slaugyti
slaugykime, slaugyti
slaugiau, slaugyti
slaugei, slaugyti
slaugė, slaugyti
slaugėme, slaugyti
slaugėte, slaugyti
slaugydavau, slaugyti
slaugydavai, slaugyti
slaugydavo, slaugyti
slaugydavome, slaugyti
slaugydavote, slaugyti
slaugysiu, slaugyti
slaugysi, slaugyti
slaugys, slaugyti
slaugysime, slaugyti
slaugysite, slaugyti
slaugyčiau, slaugyti
slaugytum(ei), slaugyti
slaugytų, slaugyti
slaugytu(mė)me, slaugyti
slaugytu(mė)te, slaugyti
slėgti, slėgti
slegiu, slėgti
slegi, slėgti
slegia, slėgti
slegiame, slėgti
slegiate, slėgti
slėk, slėgti
slėkite, slėgti
slėkime, slėgti
slėgiau, slėgti
slėgei, slėgti
slėgė, slėgti
slėgėme, slėgti
slėgėte, slėgti
slėgdavau, slėgti
slėgdavai, slėgti
slėgdavo, slėgti
slėgdavome, slėgti
slėgdavote, slėgti
slėgsiu, slėgti
slėgsi, slėgti
slėgs, slėgti
slėgsime, slėgti
slėgsite, slėgti
slėgčiau, slėgti
slėgtum(ei), slėgti
slėgtų, slėgti
slėgtu(mė)me, slėgti
slėgtu(mė)te, slėgti
šlempinti, šlempinti
šlempinu, šlempinti
šlempini, šlempinti
šlempina, šlempinti
šlempiname, šlempinti
šlempinate, šlempinti
šlempink, šlempinti
šlempinkite, šlempinti
šlempinkime, šlempinti
šlempinau, šlempinti
šlempinai, šlempinti
šlempino, šlempinti
šlempinome, šlempinti
šlempinote, šlempinti
šlempindavau, šlempinti
šlempindavai, šlempinti
šlempindavo, šlempinti
šlempindavome, šlempinti
šlempindavote, šlempinti
šlempinsiu, šlempinti
šlempinsi, šlempinti
šlempins, šlempinti
šlempinsime, šlempinti
šlempinsite, šlempinti
šlempinčiau, šlempinti
šlempintum(ei), šlempinti
šlempintų, šlempinti
šlempintu(mė)me, šlempinti
šlempintu(mė)te, šlempinti
šlepsėti, šlepsėti
šlepsiu, šlepsėti
šlepsi, šlepsėti
šlepsi, šlepsėti
šlepsime, šlepsėti
šlepsite, šlepsėti
šlepsėk, šlepsėti
šlepsėkite, šlepsėti
šlepsėkime, šlepsėti
šlepsėjau, šlepsėti
šlepsėjai, šlepsėti
šlepsėjo, šlepsėti
šlepsėjome, šlepsėti
šlepsėjote, šlepsėti
šlepsėdavau, šlepsėti
šlepsėdavai, šlepsėti
šlepsėdavo, šlepsėti
šlepsėdavome, šlepsėti
šlepsėdavote, šlepsėti
šlepsėsiu, šlepsėti
šlepsėsi, šlepsėti
šlepsės, šlepsėti
šlepsėsime, šlepsėti
šlepsėsite, šlepsėti
šlepsėčiau, šlepsėti
šlepsėtum(ei), šlepsėti
šlepsėtų, šlepsėti
šlepsėtu(mė)me, šlepsėti
šlepsėtu(mė)te, šlepsėti
slėpti, slėpti
slepiu, slėpti
slepi, slėpti
slepia, slėpti
slepiame, slėpti
slepiate, slėpti
slėpk, slėpti
slėpkite, slėpti
slėpkime, slėpti
slėpiau, slėpti
slėpei, slėpti
slėpė, slėpti
slėpėme, slėpti
slėpėte, slėpti
slėpdavau, slėpti
slėpdavai, slėpti
slėpdavo, slėpti
slėpdavome, slėpti
slėpdavote, slėpti
slėpsiu, slėpti
slėpsi, slėpti
slėps, slėpti
slėpsime, slėpti
slėpsite, slėpti
slėpčiau, slėpti
slėptum(ei), slėpti
slėptų, slėpti
slėptu(mė)me, slėpti
slėptu(mė)te, slėpti
šliaužti, šliaužti
šliaužiu, šliaužti
šliauži, šliaužti
šliaužia, šliaužti
šliaužiame, šliaužti
šliaužiate, šliaužti
šliaužk, šliaužti
šliaužkite, šliaužti
šliaužkime, šliaužti
šliaužiau, šliaužti
šliaužei, šliaužti
šliaužė, šliaužti
šliaužėme, šliaužti
šliaužėte, šliaužti
šliauždavau, šliaužti
šliauždavai, šliaužti
šliauždavo, šliaužti
šliauždavome, šliaužti
šliauždavote, šliaužti
šliaužšiu, šliaužti
šliaužši, šliaužti
šliaužš, šliaužti
šliaužšime, šliaužti
šliaužšite, šliaužti
šliaužčiau, šliaužti
šliaužtum(ei), šliaužti
šliaužtų, šliaužti
šliaužtu(mė)me, šliaužti
šliaužtu(mė)te, šliaužti
slidinėti, slidinėti
slidinėju, slidinėti
slidinėji, slidinėti
slidinėja, slidinėti
slidinėjame, slidinėti
slidinėjate, slidinėti
slidinėk, slidinėti
slidinėkite, slidinėti
slidinėkime, slidinėti
slidinėjau, slidinėti
slidinėjai, slidinėti
slidinėjo, slidinėti
slidinėjome, slidinėti
slidinėjote, slidinėti
slidinėdavau, slidinėti
slidinėdavai, slidinėti
slidinėdavo, slidinėti
slidinėdavome, slidinėti
slidinėdavote, slidinėti
slidinėsiu, slidinėti
slidinėsi, slidinėti
slidinės, slidinėti
slidinėsime, slidinėti
slidinėsite, slidinėti
slidinėčiau, slidinėti
slidinėtum(ei), slidinėti
slidinėtų, slidinėti
slidinėtu(mė)me, slidinėti
slidinėtu(mė)te, slidinėti
šlieti, šlieti
šlieju, šlieti
šlieji, šlieti
šlieja, šlieti
šliejame, šlieti
šliejate, šlieti
šliek, šlieti
šliekite, šlieti
šliekime, šlieti
šliejau, šlieti
šliejai, šlieti
šliejo, šlieti
šliejome, šlieti
šliejote, šlieti
šliedavau, šlieti
šliedavai, šlieti
šliedavo, šlieti
šliedavome, šlieti
šliedavote, šlieti
šliesiu, šlieti
šliesi, šlieti
šlies, šlieti
šliesime, šlieti
šliesite, šlieti
šliečiau, šlieti
šlietum(ei), šlieti
šlietų, šlieti
šlietu(mė)me, šlieti
šlietu(mė)te, šlieti
slinkti, slinkti
slenku, slinkti
slenki, slinkti
slenka, slinkti
slenkame, slinkti
slenkate, slinkti
slink, slinkti
slinkite, slinkti
slinkime, slinkti
slinkau, slinkti
slinkai, slinkti
slinko, slinkti
slinkome, slinkti
slinkote, slinkti
slinkdavau, slinkti
slinkdavai, slinkti
slinkdavo, slinkti
slinkdavome, slinkti
slinkdavote, slinkti
slinksiu, slinkti
slinksi, slinkti
slinks, slinkti
slinksime, slinkti
slinksite, slinkti
slinkčiau, slinkti
slinktum(ei), slinkti
slinktų, slinkti
slinktu(mė)me, slinkti
slinktu(mė)te, slinkti
sloguoti, sloguoti
sloguoju, sloguoti
sloguoji, sloguoti
sloguoja, sloguoti
sloguojame, sloguoti
sloguojate, sloguoti
sloguok, sloguoti
sloguokite, sloguoti
sloguokime, sloguoti
slogavau, sloguoti
slogavai, sloguoti
slogavo, sloguoti
slogavome, sloguoti
slogavote, sloguoti
sloguodavau, sloguoti
sloguodavai, sloguoti
sloguodavo, sloguoti
sloguodavome, sloguoti
sloguodavote, sloguoti
sloguosiu, sloguoti
sloguosi, sloguoti
sloguos, sloguoti
sloguosime, sloguoti
sloguosite, sloguoti
sloguočiau, sloguoti
sloguotum(ei), sloguoti
sloguotų, sloguoti
sloguotu(mė)me, sloguoti
sloguotu(mė)te, sloguoti
slopinti, slopinti
slopinu, slopinti
slopini, slopinti
slopina, slopinti
slopiname, slopinti
slopinate, slopinti
slopink, slopinti
slopinkite, slopinti
slopinkime, slopinti
slopinau, slopinti
slopinai, slopinti
slopino, slopinti
slopinome, slopinti
slopinote, slopinti
slopindavau, slopinti
slopindavai, slopinti
slopindavo, slopinti
slopindavome, slopinti
slopindavote, slopinti
slopinsiu, slopinti
slopinsi, slopinti
slopins, slopinti
slopinsime, slopinti
slopinsite, slopinti
slopinčiau, slopinti
slopintum(ei), slopinti
slopintų, slopinti
slopintu(mė)me, slopinti
slopintu(mė)te, slopinti
šlovinti, šlovinti
šlovinu, šlovinti
šlovini, šlovinti
šlovina, šlovinti
šloviname, šlovinti
šlovinate, šlovinti
šlovink, šlovinti
šlovinkite, šlovinti
šlovinkime, šlovinti
šlovinau, šlovinti
šlovinai, šlovinti
šlovino, šlovinti
šlovinome, šlovinti
šlovinote, šlovinti
šlovindavau, šlovinti
šlovindavai, šlovinti
šlovindavo, šlovinti
šlovindavome, šlovinti
šlovindavote, šlovinti
šlovinsiu, šlovinti
šlovinsi, šlovinti
šlovins, šlovinti
šlovinsime, šlovinti
šlovinsite, šlovinti
šlovinčiau, šlovinti
šlovintum(ei), šlovinti
šlovintų, šlovinti
šlovintu(mė)me, šlovinti
šlovintu(mė)te, šlovinti
slūgti, slūgti
slūgstu, slūgti
slūgsti, slūgti
slūgsta, slūgti
slūgstame, slūgti
slūgstate, slūgti
slūk, slūgti
slūkite, slūgti
slūkime, slūgti
slūgau, slūgti
slūgai, slūgti
slūgo, slūgti
slūgome, slūgti
slūgote, slūgti
slūgdavau, slūgti
slūgdavai, slūgti
slūgdavo, slūgti
slūgdavome, slūgti
slūgdavote, slūgti
slūgsiu, slūgti
slūgsi, slūgti
slūgs, slūgti
slūgsime, slūgti
slūgsite, slūgti
slūgčiau, slūgti
slūgtum(ei), slūgti
slūgtų, slūgti
slūgtu(mė)me, slūgti
slūgtu(mė)te, slūgti
šluostyti, šluostyti
šluostau, šluostyti
šluostai, šluostyti
šluosto, šluostyti
šluostome, šluostyti
šluostote, šluostyti
šluostyk, šluostyti
šluostykite, šluostyti
šluostykime, šluostyti
šluostei, šluostyti
šluostė, šluostyti
šluostėme, šluostyti
šluostėte, šluostyti
šluostydavau, šluostyti
šluostydavai, šluostyti
šluostydavo, šluostyti
šluostydavome, šluostyti
šluostydavote, šluostyti
šluostysiu, šluostyti
šluostysi, šluostyti
šluostys, šluostyti
šluostysime, šluostyti
šluostysite, šluostyti
šluostyčiau, šluostyti
šluostytum(ei), šluostyti
šluostytų, šluostyti
šluostytu(mė)me, šluostyti
šluostytu(mė)te, šluostyti
šluoti, šluoti
šluoju, šluoti
šluoji, šluoti
šluoja, šluoti
šluojame, šluoti
šluojate, šluoti
šluok, šluoti
šluokite, šluoti
šluokime, šluoti
šlaviau, šluoti
šlavei, šluoti
šlavė, šluoti
šlavėme, šluoti
šlavėte, šluoti
šluodavau, šluoti
šluodavai, šluoti
šluodavo, šluoti
šluodavome, šluoti
šluodavote, šluoti
šluosiu, šluoti
šluosi, šluoti
šluos, šluoti
šluosime, šluoti
šluosite, šluoti
šluočiau, šluoti
šluotum(ei), šluoti
šluotų, šluoti
šluotu(mė)me, šluoti
šluotu(mė)te, šluoti
slypėti, slypėti
slypiu, slypėti
slypi, slypėti
slypi, slypėti
slypime, slypėti
slypite, slypėti
slypėk, slypėti
slypėkite, slypėti
slypėkime, slypėti
slypėjau, slypėti
slypėjai, slypėti
slypėjo, slypėti
slypėjome, slypėti
slypėjote, slypėti
slypėdavau, slypėti
slypėdavai, slypėti
slypėdavo, slypėti
slypėdavome, slypėti
slypėdavote, slypėti
slypėsiu, slypėti
slypėsi, slypėti
slypės, slypėti
slypėsime, slypėti
slypėsite, slypėti
slypėčiau, slypėti
slypėtum(ei), slypėti
slypėtų, slypėti
slypėtu(mė)me, slypėti
slypėtu(mė)te, slypėti
slystelėti, slystelėti
slystelėju, slystelėti
slystelėji, slystelėti
slystelėja, slystelėti
slystelėjame, slystelėti
slystelėjate, slystelėti
slystelėk, slystelėti
slystelėkite, slystelėti
slystelėkime, slystelėti
slystelėjau, slystelėti
slystelėjai, slystelėti
slystelėjo, slystelėti
slystelėjome, slystelėti
slystelėjote, slystelėti
slystelėdavau, slystelėti
slystelėdavai, slystelėti
slystelėdavo, slystelėti
slystelėdavome, slystelėti
slystelėdavote, slystelėti
slystelėsiu, slystelėti
slystelėsi, slystelėti
slystelės, slystelėti
slystelėsime, slystelėti
slystelėsite, slystelėti
slystelėčiau, slystelėti
slystelėtum(ei), slystelėti
slystelėtų, slystelėti
slystelėtu(mė)me, slystelėti
slystelėtu(mė)te, slystelėti
slysti, slysti
slystu, slysti
slysti, slysti
slysta, slysti
slystame, slysti
slystate, slysti
slysk, slysti
slyskite, slysti
slyskime, slysti
slydau, slysti
slydai, slysti
slydo, slysti
slydome, slysti
slydote, slysti
slysdavau, slysti
slysdavai, slysti
slysdavo, slysti
slysdavome, slysti
slysdavote, slysti
slysiu, slysti
slysi, slysti
slys, slysti
slysime, slysti
slysite, slysti
slysčiau, slysti
slystum(ei), slysti
slystų, slysti
slystu(mė)me, slysti
slystu(mė)te, slysti
smaguriauti, smaguriauti
smaguriauju, smaguriauti
smaguriauji, smaguriauti
smaguriauja, smaguriauti
smaguriaujame, smaguriauti
smaguriaujate, smaguriauti
smaguriauk, smaguriauti
smaguriaukite, smaguriauti
smaguriaukime, smaguriauti
smaguriavau, smaguriauti
smaguriavai, smaguriauti
smaguriavo, smaguriauti
smaguriavome, smaguriauti
smaguriavote, smaguriauti
smaguriaudavau, smaguriauti
smaguriaudavai, smaguriauti
smaguriaudavo, smaguriauti
smaguriaudavome, smaguriauti
smaguriaudavote, smaguriauti
smaguriausiu, smaguriauti
smaguriausi, smaguriauti
smaguriaus, smaguriauti
smaguriausime, smaguriauti
smaguriausite, smaguriauti
smaguriaučiau, smaguriauti
smaguriautum(ei), smaguriauti
smaguriautų, smaguriauti
smaguriautu(mė)me, smaguriauti
smaguriautu(mė)te, smaguriauti
smaigstyti, smaigstyti
smaigstau, smaigstyti
smaigstai, smaigstyti
smaigsto, smaigstyti
smaigstome, smaigstyti
smaigstote, smaigstyti
smaigstyk, smaigstyti
smaigstykite, smaigstyti
smaigstykime, smaigstyti
smaigstei, smaigstyti
smaigstė, smaigstyti
smaigstėme, smaigstyti
smaigstėte, smaigstyti
smaigstydavau, smaigstyti
smaigstydavai, smaigstyti
smaigstydavo, smaigstyti
smaigstydavome, smaigstyti
smaigstydavote, smaigstyti
smaigstysiu, smaigstyti
smaigstysi, smaigstyti
smaigstys, smaigstyti
smaigstysime, smaigstyti
smaigstysite, smaigstyti
smaigstyčiau, smaigstyti
smaigstytum(ei), smaigstyti
smaigstytų, smaigstyti
smaigstytu(mė)me, smaigstyti
smaigstytu(mė)te, smaigstyti
smaigyti, smaigyti
smaigau, smaigyti
smaigai, smaigyti
smaigo, smaigyti
smaigome, smaigyti
smaigote, smaigyti
smaigyk, smaigyti
smaigykite, smaigyti
smaigykime, smaigyti
smaigiau, smaigyti
smaigei, smaigyti
smaigė, smaigyti
smaigėme, smaigyti
smaigėte, smaigyti
smaigydavau, smaigyti
smaigydavai, smaigyti
smaigydavo, smaigyti
smaigydavome, smaigyti
smaigydavote, smaigyti
smaigysiu, smaigyti
smaigysi, smaigyti
smaigys, smaigyti
smaigysime, smaigyti
smaigysite, smaigyti
smaigyčiau, smaigyti
smaigytum(ei), smaigyti
smaigytų, smaigyti
smaigytu(mė)me, smaigyti
smaigytu(mė)te, smaigyti
smaližiauti, smaližiauti
smaližiauju, smaližiauti
smaližiauji, smaližiauti
smaližiauja, smaližiauti
smaližiaujame, smaližiauti
smaližiaujate, smaližiauti
smaližiauk, smaližiauti
smaližiaukite, smaližiauti
smaližiaukime, smaližiauti
smaližiavau, smaližiauti
smaližiavai, smaližiauti
smaližiavo, smaližiauti
smaližiavome, smaližiauti
smaližiavote, smaližiauti
smaližiaudavau, smaližiauti
smaližiaudavai, smaližiauti
smaližiaudavo, smaližiauti
smaližiaudavome, smaližiauti
smaližiaudavote, smaližiauti
smaližiausiu, smaližiauti
smaližiausi, smaližiauti
smaližiaus, smaližiauti
smaližiausime, smaližiauti
smaližiausite, smaližiauti
smaližiaučiau, smaližiauti
smaližiautum(ei), smaližiauti
smaližiautų, smaližiauti
smaližiautu(mė)me, smaližiauti
smaližiautu(mė)te, smaližiauti
smaugti, smaugti
smaugiu, smaugti
smaugi, smaugti
smaugia, smaugti
smaugiame, smaugti
smaugiate, smaugti
smauk, smaugti
smaukite, smaugti
smaukime, smaugti
smaugiau, smaugti
smaugei, smaugti
smaugė, smaugti
smaugėme, smaugti
smaugėte, smaugti
smaugdavau, smaugti
smaugdavai, smaugti
smaugdavo, smaugti
smaugdavome, smaugti
smaugdavote, smaugti
smaugsiu, smaugti
smaugsi, smaugti
smaugs, smaugti
smaugsime, smaugti
smaugsite, smaugti
smaugčiau, smaugti
smaugtum(ei), smaugti
smaugtų, smaugti
smaugtu(mė)me, smaugti
smaugtu(mė)te, smaugti
smaukti, smaukti
smaukiu, smaukti
smauki, smaukti
smaukia, smaukti
smaukiame, smaukti
smaukiate, smaukti
smauk, smaukti
smaukite, smaukti
smaukime, smaukti
smaukiau, smaukti
smaukei, smaukti
smaukė, smaukti
smaukėme, smaukti
smaukėte, smaukti
smaukdavau, smaukti
smaukdavai, smaukti
smaukdavo, smaukti
smaukdavome, smaukti
smaukdavote, smaukti
smauksiu, smaukti
smauksi, smaukti
smauks, smaukti
smauksime, smaukti
smauksite, smaukti
smaukčiau, smaukti
smauktum(ei), smaukti
smauktų, smaukti
smauktu(mė)me, smaukti
smauktu(mė)te, smaukti
smaukyti, smaukyti
smaukau, smaukyti
smaukai, smaukyti
smauko, smaukyti
smaukome, smaukyti
smaukote, smaukyti
smaukyk, smaukyti
smaukykite, smaukyti
smaukykime, smaukyti
smaukiau, smaukyti
smaukei, smaukyti
smaukė, smaukyti
smaukėme, smaukyti
smaukėte, smaukyti
smaukydavau, smaukyti
smaukydavai, smaukyti
smaukydavo, smaukyti
smaukydavome, smaukyti
smaukydavote, smaukyti
smaukysiu, smaukyti
smaukysi, smaukyti
smaukys, smaukyti
smaukysime, smaukyti
smaukysite, smaukyti
smaukyčiau, smaukyti
smaukytum(ei), smaukyti
smaukytų, smaukyti
smaukytu(mė)me, smaukyti
smaukytu(mė)te, smaukyti
smeigti, smeigti
smeigiu, smeigti
smeigi, smeigti
smeigia, smeigti
smeigiame, smeigti
smeigiate, smeigti
smeik, smeigti
smeikite, smeigti
smeikime, smeigti
smeigiau, smeigti
smeigei, smeigti
smeigė, smeigti
smeigėme, smeigti
smeigėte, smeigti
smeigdavau, smeigti
smeigdavai, smeigti
smeigdavo, smeigti
smeigdavome, smeigti
smeigdavote, smeigti
smeigsiu, smeigti
smeigsi, smeigti
smeigs, smeigti
smeigsime, smeigti
smeigsite, smeigti
smeigčiau, smeigti
smeigtum(ei), smeigti
smeigtų, smeigti
smeigtu(mė)me, smeigti
smeigtu(mė)te, smeigti
šmeižti, šmeižti
šmeižiu, šmeižti
šmeiži, šmeižti
šmeižia, šmeižti
šmeižiame, šmeižti
šmeižiate, šmeižti
šmeižk, šmeižti
šmeižkite, šmeižti
šmeižkime, šmeižti
šmeižiau, šmeižti
šmeižei, šmeižti
šmeižė, šmeižti
šmeižėme, šmeižti
šmeižėte, šmeižti
šmeiždavau, šmeižti
šmeiždavai, šmeižti
šmeiždavo, šmeižti
šmeiždavome, šmeižti
šmeiždavote, šmeižti
šmeižšiu, šmeižti
šmeižši, šmeižti
šmeižš, šmeižti
šmeižšime, šmeižti
šmeižšite, šmeižti
šmeižčiau, šmeižti
šmeižtum(ei), šmeižti
šmeižtų, šmeižti
šmeižtu(mė)me, šmeižti
šmeižtu(mė)te, šmeižti
smerkti, smerkti
smerkiu, smerkti
smerki, smerkti
smerkia, smerkti
smerkiame, smerkti
smerkiate, smerkti
smerk, smerkti
smerkite, smerkti
smerkime, smerkti
smerkiau, smerkti
smerkei, smerkti
smerkė, smerkti
smerkėme, smerkti
smerkėte, smerkti
smerkdavau, smerkti
smerkdavai, smerkti
smerkdavo, smerkti
smerkdavome, smerkti
smerkdavote, smerkti
smerksiu, smerkti
smerksi, smerkti
smerks, smerkti
smerksime, smerkti
smerksite, smerkti
smerkčiau, smerkti
smerktum(ei), smerkti
smerktų, smerkti
smerktu(mė)me, smerkti
smerktu(mė)te, smerkti
smigti, smigti
smingu, smigti
smingi, smigti
sminga, smigti
smingame, smigti
smingate, smigti
smik, smigti
smikite, smigti
smikime, smigti
smigau, smigti
smigai, smigti
smigo, smigti
smigome, smigti
smigote, smigti
smigdavau, smigti
smigdavai, smigti
smigdavo, smigti
smigdavome, smigti
smigdavote, smigti
smigsiu, smigti
smigsi, smigti
smigs, smigti
smigsime, smigti
smigsite, smigti
smigčiau, smigti
smigtum(ei), smigti
smigtų, smigti
smigtu(mė)me, smigti
smigtu(mė)te, smigti
smirdėti, smirdėti
smirdžiu, smirdėti
smirdi, smirdėti
smirdi, smirdėti
smirdime, smirdėti
smirdite, smirdėti
smirdėk, smirdėti
smirdėkite, smirdėti
smirdėkime, smirdėti
smirdėjau, smirdėti
smirdėjai, smirdėti
smirdėjo, smirdėti
smirdėjome, smirdėti
smirdėjote, smirdėti
smirdėdavau, smirdėti
smirdėdavai, smirdėti
smirdėdavo, smirdėti
smirdėdavome, smirdėti
smirdėdavote, smirdėti
smirdėsiu, smirdėti
smirdėsi, smirdėti
smirdės, smirdėti
smirdėsime, smirdėti
smirdėsite, smirdėti
smirdėčiau, smirdėti
smirdėtum(ei), smirdėti
smirdėtų, smirdėti
smirdėtu(mė)me, smirdėti
smirdėtu(mė)te, smirdėti
smogti, smogti
smogiu, smogti
smogi, smogti
smogia, smogti
smogiame, smogti
smogiate, smogti
smok, smogti
smokite, smogti
smokime, smogti
smogiau, smogti
smogei, smogti
smogė, smogti
smogėme, smogti
smogėte, smogti
smogdavau, smogti
smogdavai, smogti
smogdavo, smogti
smogdavome, smogti
smogdavote, smogti
smogsiu, smogti
smogsi, smogti
smogs, smogti
smogsime, smogti
smogsite, smogti
smogčiau, smogti
smogtum(ei), smogti
smogtų, smogti
smogtu(mė)me, smogti
smogtu(mė)te, smogti
smūgiuoti, smūgiuoti
smūgiuoju, smūgiuoti
smūgiuoji, smūgiuoti
smūgiuoja, smūgiuoti
smūgiuojame, smūgiuoti
smūgiuojate, smūgiuoti
smūgiuok, smūgiuoti
smūgiuokite, smūgiuoti
smūgiuokime, smūgiuoti
smūgiavau, smūgiuoti
smūgiavai, smūgiuoti
smūgiavo, smūgiuoti
smūgiavome, smūgiuoti
smūgiavote, smūgiuoti
smūgiuodavau, smūgiuoti
smūgiuodavai, smūgiuoti
smūgiuodavo, smūgiuoti
smūgiuodavome, smūgiuoti
smūgiuodavote, smūgiuoti
smūgiuosiu, smūgiuoti
smūgiuosi, smūgiuoti
smūgiuos, smūgiuoti
smūgiuosime, smūgiuoti
smūgiuosite, smūgiuoti
smūgiuočiau, smūgiuoti
smūgiuotum(ei), smūgiuoti
smūgiuotų, smūgiuoti
smūgiuotu(mė)me, smūgiuoti
smūgiuotu(mė)te, smūgiuoti
smukdyti, smukdyti
smukdžau, smukdyti
smukdai, smukdyti
smukdo, smukdyti
smukdome, smukdyti
smukdote, smukdyti
smukdyk, smukdyti
smukdykite, smukdyti
smukdykime, smukdyti
smukdei, smukdyti
smukdė, smukdyti
smukdėme, smukdyti
smukdėte, smukdyti
smukdydavau, smukdyti
smukdydavai, smukdyti
smukdydavo, smukdyti
smukdydavome, smukdyti
smukdydavote, smukdyti
smukdysiu, smukdyti
smukdysi, smukdyti
smukdys, smukdyti
smukdysime, smukdyti
smukdysite, smukdyti
smukdyčiau, smukdyti
smukdytum(ei), smukdyti
smukdytų, smukdyti
smukdytu(mė)me, smukdyti
smukdytu(mė)te, smukdyti
smukti, smukti
smunku, smukti
smunki, smukti
smunka, smukti
smunkame, smukti
smunkate, smukti
smuk, smukti
smukite, smukti
smukime, smukti
smukau, smukti
smukai, smukti
smuko, smukti
smukome, smukti
smukote, smukti
smukdavau, smukti
smukdavai, smukti
smukdavo, smukti
smukdavome, smukti
smukdavote, smukti
smuksiu, smukti
smuksi, smukti
smuks, smukti
smuksime, smukti
smuksite, smukti
smukčiau, smukti
smuktum(ei), smukti
smuktų, smukti
smuktu(mė)me, smukti
smuktu(mė)te, smukti
smulkinti, smulkinti
smulkinu, smulkinti
smulkini, smulkinti
smulkina, smulkinti
smulkiname, smulkinti
smulkinate, smulkinti
smulkink, smulkinti
smulkinkite, smulkinti
smulkinkime, smulkinti
smulkinau, smulkinti
smulkinai, smulkinti
smulkino, smulkinti
smulkinome, smulkinti
smulkinote, smulkinti
smulkindavau, smulkinti
smulkindavai, smulkinti
smulkindavo, smulkinti
smulkindavome, smulkinti
smulkindavote, smulkinti
smulkinsiu, smulkinti
smulkinsi, smulkinti
smulkins, smulkinti
smulkinsime, smulkinti
smulkinsite, smulkinti
smulkinčiau, smulkinti
smulkintum(ei), smulkinti
smulkintų, smulkinti
smulkintu(mė)me, smulkinti
smulkintu(mė)te, smulkinti
šnabždėti, šnabždėti
šnabždžu, šnabždėti
šnabždi, šnabždėti
šnabžda, šnabždėti
šnabždame, šnabždėti
šnabždate, šnabždėti
šnabždėk, šnabždėti
šnabždėkite, šnabždėti
šnabždėkime, šnabždėti
šnabždėjau, šnabždėti
šnabždėjai, šnabždėti
šnabždėjo, šnabždėti
šnabždėjome, šnabždėti
šnabždėjote, šnabždėti
šnabždėdavau, šnabždėti
šnabždėdavai, šnabždėti
šnabždėdavo, šnabždėti
šnabždėdavome, šnabždėti
šnabždėdavote, šnabždėti
šnabždėsiu, šnabždėti
šnabždėsi, šnabždėti
šnabždės, šnabždėti
šnabždėsime, šnabždėti
šnabždėsite, šnabždėti
šnabždėčiau, šnabždėti
šnabždėtum(ei), šnabždėti
šnabždėtų, šnabždėti
šnabždėtu(mė)me, šnabždėti
šnabždėtu(mė)te, šnabždėti
snausti, snausti
snaudžiu, snausti
snaudži, snausti
snaudžia, snausti
snaudžiame, snausti
snaudžiate, snausti
snausk, snausti
snauskite, snausti
snauskime, snausti
snaudei, snausti
snaudė, snausti
snaudėme, snausti
snaudėte, snausti
snausdavau, snausti
snausdavai, snausti
snausdavo, snausti
snausdavome, snausti
snausdavote, snausti
snausiu, snausti
snausi, snausti
snaus, snausti
snausime, snausti
snausite, snausti
snausčiau, snausti
snaustum(ei), snausti
snaustų, snausti
snaustu(mė)me, snausti
snaustu(mė)te, snausti
šnekėti, šnekėti
šneku, šnekėti
šneki, šnekėti
šneka, šnekėti
šnekame, šnekėti
šnekate, šnekėti
šnekėk, šnekėti
šnekėkite, šnekėti
šnekėkime, šnekėti
šnekėjau, šnekėti
šnekėjai, šnekėti
šnekėjo, šnekėti
šnekėjome, šnekėti
šnekėjote, šnekėti
šnekėdavau, šnekėti
šnekėdavai, šnekėti
šnekėdavo, šnekėti
šnekėdavome, šnekėti
šnekėdavote, šnekėti
šnekėsiu, šnekėti
šnekėsi, šnekėti
šnekės, šnekėti
šnekėsime, šnekėti
šnekėsite, šnekėti
šnekėčiau, šnekėti
šnekėtum(ei), šnekėti
šnekėtų, šnekėti
šnekėtu(mė)me, šnekėti
šnekėtu(mė)te, šnekėti
šnekinti, šnekinti
šnekinu, šnekinti
šnekini, šnekinti
šnekina, šnekinti
šnekiname, šnekinti
šnekinate, šnekinti
šnekink, šnekinti
šnekinkite, šnekinti
šnekinkime, šnekinti
šnekinau, šnekinti
šnekinai, šnekinti
šnekino, šnekinti
šnekinome, šnekinti
šnekinote, šnekinti
šnekindavau, šnekinti
šnekindavai, šnekinti
šnekindavo, šnekinti
šnekindavome, šnekinti
šnekindavote, šnekinti
šnekinsiu, šnekinti
šnekinsi, šnekinti
šnekins, šnekinti
šnekinsime, šnekinti
šnekinsite, šnekinti
šnekinčiau, šnekinti
šnekintum(ei), šnekinti
šnekintų, šnekinti
šnekintu(mė)me, šnekinti
šnekintu(mė)te, šnekinti
šnektelėti, šnektelėti
šnektelėju, šnektelėti
šnektelėji, šnektelėti
šnektelėja, šnektelėti
šnektelėjame, šnektelėti
šnektelėjate, šnektelėti
šnektelėk, šnektelėti
šnektelėkite, šnektelėti
šnektelėkime, šnektelėti
šnektelėjau, šnektelėti
šnektelėjai, šnektelėti
šnektelėjo, šnektelėti
šnektelėjome, šnektelėti
šnektelėjote, šnektelėti
šnektelėdavau, šnektelėti
šnektelėdavai, šnektelėti
šnektelėdavo, šnektelėti
šnektelėdavome, šnektelėti
šnektelėdavote, šnektelėti
šnektelėsiu, šnektelėti
šnektelėsi, šnektelėti
šnektelės, šnektelėti
šnektelėsime, šnektelėti
šnektelėsite, šnektelėti
šnektelėčiau, šnektelėti
šnektelėtum(ei), šnektelėti
šnektelėtų, šnektelėti
šnektelėtu(mė)me, šnektelėti
šnektelėtu(mė)te, šnektelėti
šnektelti, šnektelti
šnekteliu, šnektelti
šnekteli, šnektelti
šnekteli, šnektelti
šnektelime, šnektelti
šnektelite, šnektelti
šnektelk, šnektelti
šnektelkite, šnektelti
šnektelkime, šnektelti
šnektelėjau, šnektelti
šnektelėjai, šnektelti
šnektelėjo, šnektelti
šnektelėjome, šnektelti
šnektelėjote, šnektelti
šnekteldavau, šnektelti
šnekteldavai, šnektelti
šnekteldavo, šnektelti
šnekteldavome, šnektelti
šnekteldavote, šnektelti
šnektelsiu, šnektelti
šnektelsi, šnektelti
šnektels, šnektelti
šnektelsime, šnektelti
šnektelsite, šnektelti
šnektelčiau, šnektelti
šnekteltum(ei), šnektelti
šnekteltų, šnektelti
šnekteltu(mė)me, šnektelti
šnekteltu(mė)te, šnektelti
snerkšti, snerkšti
šnerkščiu, snerkšti
šnerkšči, snerkšti
šnerkščia, snerkšti
šnerkščiame, snerkšti
šnerkščiate, snerkšti
snerkšk, snerkšti
snerkškite, snerkšti
snerkškime, snerkšti
šnirkštei, snerkšti
šnirkštė, snerkšti
šnirkštėme, snerkšti
šnirkštėte, snerkšti
snerkšdavau, snerkšti
snerkšdavai, snerkšti
snerkšdavo, snerkšti
snerkšdavome, snerkšti
snerkšdavote, snerkšti
snerkššiu, snerkšti
snerkšši, snerkšti
snerkšš, snerkšti
snerkššime, snerkšti
snerkššite, snerkšti
snerkščiau, snerkšti
snerkštum(ei), snerkšti
snerkštų, snerkšti
snerkštu(mė)me, snerkšti
snerkštu(mė)te, snerkšti
šnerpšti, šnerpšti
šnerpščiu, šnerpšti
šnerpšči, šnerpšti
šnerpščia, šnerpšti
šnerpščiame, šnerpšti
šnerpščiate, šnerpšti
šnerpšk, šnerpšti
šnerpškite, šnerpšti
šnerpškime, šnerpšti
šnirpštei, šnerpšti
šnirpštė, šnerpšti
šnirpštėme, šnerpšti
šnirpštėte, šnerpšti
šnerpšdavau, šnerpšti
šnerpšdavai, šnerpšti
šnerpšdavo, šnerpšti
šnerpšdavome, šnerpšti
šnerpšdavote, šnerpšti
šnerpššiu, šnerpšti
šnerpšši, šnerpšti
šnerpšš, šnerpšti
šnerpššime, šnerpšti
šnerpššite, šnerpšti
šnerpščiau, šnerpšti
šnerpštum(ei), šnerpšti
šnerpštų, šnerpšti
šnerpštu(mė)me, šnerpšti
šnerpštu(mė)te, šnerpšti
šnibždėti, šnibždėti
šnibždžu, šnibždėti
šnibždi, šnibždėti
šnibžda, šnibždėti
šnibždame, šnibždėti
šnibždate, šnibždėti
šnibždėk, šnibždėti
šnibždėkite, šnibždėti
šnibždėkime, šnibždėti
šnibždėjau, šnibždėti
šnibždėjai, šnibždėti
šnibždėjo, šnibždėti
šnibždėjome, šnibždėti
šnibždėjote, šnibždėti
šnibždėdavau, šnibždėti
šnibždėdavai, šnibždėti
šnibždėdavo, šnibždėti
šnibždėdavome, šnibždėti
šnibždėdavote, šnibždėti
šnibždėsiu, šnibždėti
šnibždėsi, šnibždėti
šnibždės, šnibždėti
šnibždėsime, šnibždėti
šnibždėsite, šnibždėti
šnibždėčiau, šnibždėti
šnibždėtum(ei), šnibždėti
šnibždėtų, šnibždėti
šnibždėtu(mė)me, šnibždėti
šnibždėtu(mė)te, šnibždėti
snieguoti, snieguoti
snieguoju, snieguoti
snieguoji, snieguoti
snieguoja, snieguoti
snieguojame, snieguoti
snieguojate, snieguoti
snieguok, snieguoti
snieguokite, snieguoti
snieguokime, snieguoti
sniegavau, snieguoti
sniegavai, snieguoti
sniegavo, snieguoti
sniegavome, snieguoti
sniegavote, snieguoti
snieguodavau, snieguoti
snieguodavai, snieguoti
snieguodavo, snieguoti
snieguodavome, snieguoti
snieguodavote, snieguoti
snieguosiu, snieguoti
snieguosi, snieguoti
snieguos, snieguoti
snieguosime, snieguoti
snieguosite, snieguoti
snieguočiau, snieguoti
snieguotum(ei), snieguoti
snieguotų, snieguoti
snieguotu(mė)me, snieguoti
snieguotu(mė)te, snieguoti
snigti, snigti
sningu, snigti
sningi, snigti
sninga, snigti
sningame, snigti
sningate, snigti
snik, snigti
snikite, snigti
snikime, snigti
snigau, snigti
snigai, snigti
snigo, snigti
snigome, snigti
snigote, snigti
snigdavau, snigti
snigdavai, snigti
snigdavo, snigti
snigdavome, snigti
snigdavote, snigti
snigsiu, snigti
snigsi, snigti
snigs, snigti
snigsime, snigti
snigsite, snigti
snigčiau, snigti
snigtum(ei), snigti
snigtų, snigti
snigtu(mė)me, snigti
snigtu(mė)te, snigti
šniokšti, šniokšti
šniokščiu, šniokšti
šniokšči, šniokšti
šniokščia, šniokšti
šniokščiame, šniokšti
šniokščiate, šniokšti
šniokšk, šniokšti
šniokškite, šniokšti
šniokškime, šniokšti
šniokštei, šniokšti
šniokštė, šniokšti
šniokštėme, šniokšti
šniokštėte, šniokšti
šniokšdavau, šniokšti
šniokšdavai, šniokšti
šniokšdavo, šniokšti
šniokšdavome, šniokšti
šniokšdavote, šniokšti
šniokššiu, šniokšti
šniokšši, šniokšti
šniokšš, šniokšti
šniokššime, šniokšti
šniokššite, šniokšti
šniokščiau, šniokšti
šniokštum(ei), šniokšti
šniokštų, šniokšti
šniokštu(mė)me, šniokšti
šniokštu(mė)te, šniokšti
šnipinėti, šnipinėti
šnipinėju, šnipinėti
šnipinėji, šnipinėti
šnipinėja, šnipinėti
šnipinėjame, šnipinėti
šnipinėjate, šnipinėti
šnipinėk, šnipinėti
šnipinėkite, šnipinėti
šnipinėkime, šnipinėti
šnipinėjau, šnipinėti
šnipinėjai, šnipinėti
šnipinėjo, šnipinėti
šnipinėjome, šnipinėti
šnipinėjote, šnipinėti
šnipinėdavau, šnipinėti
šnipinėdavai, šnipinėti
šnipinėdavo, šnipinėti
šnipinėdavome, šnipinėti
šnipinėdavote, šnipinėti
šnipinėsiu, šnipinėti
šnipinėsi, šnipinėti
šnipinės, šnipinėti
šnipinėsime, šnipinėti
šnipinėsite, šnipinėti
šnipinėčiau, šnipinėti
šnipinėtum(ei), šnipinėti
šnipinėtų, šnipinėti
šnipinėtu(mė)me, šnipinėti
šnipinėtu(mė)te, šnipinėti
šniukštinėti, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėju, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėji, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėja, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėjame, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėjate, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėk, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėkite, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėkime, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėjau, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėjai, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėjo, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėjome, šniukštinėti
šniukštelėjote, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėdavau, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėdavai, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėdavo, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėdavome, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėdavote, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėsiu, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėsi, šniukštinėti
šniukštinės, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėsime, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėsite, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėčiau, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėtum(ei), šniukštinėti
šniukštinėtų, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėtu(mė)me, šniukštinėti
šniukštinėtu(mė)te, šniukštinėti
šniypšti, šniypšti
šnypščiu, šniypšti
šnypšči, šniypšti
šnypščia, šniypšti
šnypščiame, šniypšti
šnypščiate, šniypšti
šniypšk, šniypšti
šniypškite, šniypšti
šniypškime, šniypšti
šnypštei, šniypšti
šnypštė, šniypšti
šnypštėme, šniypšti
šnypštėte, šniypšti
šniypšdavau, šniypšti
šniypšdavai, šniypšti
šniypšdavo, šniypšti
šniypšdavome, šniypšti
šniypšdavote, šniypšti
šniypššiu, šniypšti
šniypšši, šniypšti
šniypšš, šniypšti
šniypššime, šniypšti
šniypššite, šniypšti
šniypščiau, šniypšti
šniypštum(ei), šniypšti
šniypštų, šniypšti
šniypštu(mė)me, šniypšti
šniypštu(mė)te, šniypšti
šnypšti, šnypšti
šnypščiu, šnypšti
šnypšči, šnypšti
šnypščia, šnypšti
šnypščiame, šnypšti
šnypščiate, šnypšti
šnypšk, šnypšti
šnypškite, šnypšti
šnypškime, šnypšti
šnypštei, šnypšti
šnypštė, šnypšti
šnypštėme, šnypšti
šnypštėte, šnypšti
šnypšdavau, šnypšti
šnypšdavai, šnypšti
šnypšdavo, šnypšti
šnypšdavome, šnypšti
šnypšdavote, šnypšti
šnypššiu, šnypšti
šnypšši, šnypšti
šnypšš, šnypšti
šnypššime, šnypšti
šnypššite, šnypšti
šnypščiau, šnypšti
šnypštum(ei), šnypšti
šnypštų, šnypšti
šnypštu(mė)me, šnypšti
šnypštu(mė)te, šnypšti
sodinti, sodinti
sodinu, sodinti
sodini, sodinti
sodina, sodinti
sodiname, sodinti
sodinate, sodinti
sodink, sodinti
sodinkite, sodinti
sodinkime, sodinti
sodinau, sodinti
sodinai, sodinti
sodino, sodinti
sodinome, sodinti
sodinote, sodinti
sodindavau, sodinti
sodindavai, sodinti
sodindavo, sodinti
sodindavome, sodinti
sodindavote, sodinti
sodinsiu, sodinti
sodinsi, sodinti
sodins, sodinti
sodinsime, sodinti
sodinsite, sodinti
sodinčiau, sodinti
sodintum(ei), sodinti
sodintų, sodinti
sodintu(mė)me, sodinti
sodintu(mė)te, sodinti
šokinėti, šokinėti
šokinėju, šokinėti
šokinėji, šokinėti
šokinėja, šokinėti
šokinėjame, šokinėti
šokinėjate, šokinėti
šokinėk, šokinėti
šokinėkite, šokinėti
šokinėkime, šokinėti
šokinėjau, šokinėti
šokinėjai, šokinėti
šokinėjo, šokinėti
šokinėjome, šokinėti
šokinėjote, šokinėti
šokinėdavau, šokinėti
šokinėdavai, šokinėti
šokinėdavo, šokinėti
šokinėdavome, šokinėti
šokinėdavote, šokinėti
šokinėsiu, šokinėti
šokinėsi, šokinėti
šokinės, šokinėti
šokinėsime, šokinėti
šokinėsite, šokinėti
šokinėčiau, šokinėti
šokinėtum(ei), šokinėti
šokinėtų, šokinėti
šokinėtu(mė)me, šokinėti
šokinėtu(mė)te, šokinėti
šokiruoti, šokiruoti
šokiruoju, šokiruoti
šokiruoji, šokiruoti
šokiruoja, šokiruoti
šokiruojame, šokiruoti
šokiruojate, šokiruoti
šokiruok, šokiruoti
šokiruokite, šokiruoti
šokiruokime, šokiruoti
šokiravau, šokiruoti
šokiravai, šokiruoti
šokiravo, šokiruoti
šokiravome, šokiruoti
šokiravote, šokiruoti
šokiruodavau, šokiruoti
šokiruodavai, šokiruoti
šokiruodavo, šokiruoti
šokiruodavome, šokiruoti
šokiruodavote, šokiruoti
šokiruosiu, šokiruoti
šokiruosi, šokiruoti
šokiruos, šokiruoti
šokiruosime, šokiruoti
šokiruosite, šokiruoti
šokiruočiau, šokiruoti
šokiruotum(ei), šokiruoti
šokiruotų, šokiruoti
šokiruotu(mė)me, šokiruoti
šokiruotu(mė)te, šokiruoti
šokti, šokti
šoku, šokti
šoki, šokti
šoka, šokti
šokame, šokti
šokate, šokti
šok, šokti
šokite, šokti
šokime, šokti
šokau, šokti
šokai, šokti
šoko, šokti
šokome, šokti
šokote, šokti
šokdavau, šokti
šokdavai, šokti
šokdavo, šokti
šokdavome, šokti
šokdavote, šokti
šoksiu, šokti
šoksi, šokti
šoks, šokti
šoksime, šokti
šoksite, šokti
šokčiau, šokti
šoktum(ei), šokti
šoktų, šokti
šoktu(mė)me, šokti
šoktu(mė)te, šokti
šokuoti, šokuoti
šokuoju, šokuoti
šokuoji, šokuoti
šokuoja, šokuoti
šokuojame, šokuoti
šokuojate, šokuoti
šokuok, šokuoti
šokuokite, šokuoti
šokuokime, šokuoti
šokavau, šokuoti
šokavai, šokuoti
šokavo, šokuoti
šokavome, šokuoti
šokavote, šokuoti
šokuodavau, šokuoti
šokuodavai, šokuoti
šokuodavo, šokuoti
šokuodavome, šokuoti
šokuodavote, šokuoti
šokuosiu, šokuoti
šokuosi, šokuoti
šokuos, šokuoti
šokuosime, šokuoti
šokuosite, šokuoti
šokuočiau, šokuoti
šokuotum(ei), šokuoti
šokuotų, šokuoti
šokuotu(mė)me, šokuoti
šokuotu(mė)te, šokuoti
sotinti, sotinti
sotinu, sotinti
sotini, sotinti
sotina, sotinti
sotiname, sotinti
sotinate, sotinti
sotink, sotinti
sotinkite, sotinti
sotinkime, sotinti
sotinau, sotinti
sotinai, sotinti
sotino, sotinti
sotinome, sotinti
sotinote, sotinti
sotindavau, sotinti
sotindavai, sotinti
sotindavo, sotinti
sotindavome, sotinti
sotindavote, sotinti
sotinsiu, sotinti
sotinsi, sotinti
sotins, sotinti
sotinsime, sotinti
sotinsite, sotinti
sotinčiau, sotinti
sotintum(ei), sotinti
sotintų, sotinti
sotintu(mė)me, sotinti
sotintu(mė)te, sotinti
spėlioti, spėlioti
spėlioju, spėlioti
spėlioji, spėlioti
spėlioja, spėlioti
spėliojame, spėlioti
spėliojate, spėlioti
spėliok, spėlioti
spėliokite, spėlioti
spėliokime, spėlioti
spėliojau, spėlioti
spėliojai, spėlioti
spėliojo, spėlioti
spėliojome, spėlioti
spėliojote, spėlioti
spėliodavau, spėlioti
spėliodavai, spėlioti
spėliodavo, spėlioti
spėliodavome, spėlioti
spėliodavote, spėlioti
spėliosiu, spėlioti
spėliosi, spėlioti
spėlios, spėlioti
spėliosime, spėlioti
spėliosite, spėlioti
spėliočiau, spėlioti
spėliotum(ei), spėlioti
spėliotų, spėlioti
spėliotu(mė)me, spėlioti
spėliotu(mė)te, spėlioti
spęsti, spęsti
spendžiu, spęsti
spendži, spęsti
spendžia, spęsti
spendžiame, spęsti
spendžiate, spęsti
spęsk, spęsti
spęskite, spęsti
spęskime, spęsti
spendei, spęsti
spendė, spęsti
spendėme, spęsti
spendėte, spęsti
spęsdavau, spęsti
spęsdavai, spęsti
spęsdavo, spęsti
spęsdavome, spęsti
spęsdavote, spęsti
spęsiu, spęsti
spęsi, spęsti
spęs, spęsti
spęsime, spęsti
spęsite, spęsti
spęsčiau, spęsti
spęstum(ei), spęsti
spęstų, spęsti
spęstu(mė)me, spęsti
spęstu(mė)te, spęsti
spėti, spėti
spėju, spėti
spėji, spėti
spėja, spėti
spėjame, spėti
spėjate, spėti
spėk, spėti
spėkite, spėti
spėkime, spėti
spėjau, spėti
spėjai, spėti
spėjo, spėti
spėjome, spėti
spėjote, spėti
spėdavau, spėti
spėdavai, spėti
spėdavo, spėti
spėdavome, spėti
spėdavote, spėti
spėsiu, spėti
spėsi, spėti
spės, spėti
spėsime, spėti
spėsite, spėti
spėčiau, spėti
spėtum(ei), spėti
spėtų, spėti
spėtu(mė)me, spėti
spėtu(mė)te, spėti
spiegti, spiegti
spiegiu, spiegti
spiegi, spiegti
spiegia, spiegti
spiegiame, spiegti
spiegiate, spiegti
spiek, spiegti
spiekite, spiegti
spiekime, spiegti
spiegiau, spiegti
spiegei, spiegti
spiegė, spiegti
spiegėme, spiegti
spiegėte, spiegti
spiegdavau, spiegti
spiegdavai, spiegti
spiegdavo, spiegti
spiegdavome, spiegti
spiegdavote, spiegti
spiegsiu, spiegti
spiegsi, spiegti
spiegs, spiegti
spiegsime, spiegti
spiegsite, spiegti
spiegčiau, spiegti
spiegtum(ei), spiegti
spiegtų, spiegti
spiegtu(mė)me, spiegti
spiegtu(mė)te, spiegti
spindėti, spindėti
spindžiu, spindėti
spindi, spindėti
spindi, spindėti
spindime, spindėti
spindite, spindėti
spindėk, spindėti
spindėkite, spindėti
spindėkime, spindėti
spindėjau, spindėti
spindėjai, spindėti
spindėjo, spindėti
spindėjome, spindėti
spindėjote, spindėti
spindėdavau, spindėti
spindėdavai, spindėti
spindėdavo, spindėti
spindėdavome, spindėti
spindėdavote, spindėti
spindėsiu, spindėti
spindėsi, spindėti
spindės, spindėti
spindėsime, spindėti
spindėsite, spindėti
spindėčiau, spindėti
spindėtum(ei), spindėti
spindėtų, spindėti
spindėtu(mė)me, spindėti
spindėtu(mė)te, spindėti
spinduliuoti, spinduliuoti
spinduliuoju, spinduliuoti
spinduliuoji, spinduliuoti
spinduliuoja, spinduliuoti
spinduliuojame, spinduliuoti
spinduliuojate, spinduliuoti
spinduliuok, spinduliuoti
spinduliuokite, spinduliuoti
spinduliuokime, spinduliuoti
spinduliavau, spinduliuoti
spinduliavai, spinduliuoti
spinduliavo, spinduliuoti
spinduliavome, spinduliuoti
spinduliavote, spinduliuoti
spinduliuodavau, spinduliuoti
spinduliuodavai, spinduliuoti
spinduliuodavo, spinduliuoti
spinduliuodavome, spinduliuoti
spinduliuodavote, spinduliuoti
spinduliuosiu, spinduliuoti
spinduliuosi, spinduliuoti
spinduliuos, spinduliuoti
spinduliuosime, spinduliuoti
spinduliuosite, spinduliuoti
spinduliuočiau, spinduliuoti
spinduliuotum(ei), spinduliuoti
spinduliuotų, spinduliuoti
spinduliuotu(mė)me, spinduliuoti
spinduliuotu(mė)te, spinduliuoti
spirti, spirti
spiriu, spirti
spiri, spirti
spiria, spirti
spiriame, spirti
spiriate, spirti
spirk, spirti
spirkite, spirti
spirkime, spirti
spyriau, spirti
spyrei, spirti
spyrė, spirti
spyrėme, spirti
spyrėte, spirti
spirdavau, spirti
spirdavai, spirti
spirdavo, spirti
spirdavome, spirti
spirdavote, spirti
spirsiu, spirti
spirsi, spirti
spirs, spirti
spirsime, spirti
spirsite, spirti
spirčiau, spirti
spirtum(ei), spirti
spirtų, spirti
spirtu(mė)me, spirti
spirtu(mė)te, spirti
spisti, spisti
spintu, spisti
spinti, spisti
spinta, spisti
spintame, spisti
spintate, spisti
spisk, spisti
spiskite, spisti
spiskime, spisti
spitau, spisti
spitai, spisti
spito, spisti
spitome, spisti
spitote, spisti
spisdavau, spisti
spisdavai, spisti
spisdavo, spisti
spisdavome, spisti
spisdavote, spisti
spisiu, spisti
spisi, spisti
spis, spisti
spisime, spisti
spisite, spisti
spisčiau, spisti
spistum(ei), spisti
spistų, spisti
spistu(mė)me, spisti
spistu(mė)te, spisti
spjauti, spjauti
spjaunu, spjauti
spjauni, spjauti
spjauna, spjauti
spjauname, spjauti
spjaunate, spjauti
spjauk, spjauti
spjaukite, spjauti
spjaukime, spjauti
spjoviau, spjauti
spjovei, spjauti
spjovė, spjauti
spjovėme, spjauti
spjovėte, spjauti
spjaudavau, spjauti
spjaudavai, spjauti
spjaudavo, spjauti
spjaudavome, spjauti
spjaudavote, spjauti
spjausiu, spjauti
spjausi, spjauti
spjaus, spjauti
spjausime, spjauti
spjausite, spjauti
spjaučiau, spjauti
spjautum(ei), spjauti
spjautų, spjauti
spjautu(mė)me, spjauti
spjautu(mė)te, spjauti
spoksoti, spoksoti
spoksau, spoksoti
spoksai, spoksoti
spokso, spoksoti
spoksome, spoksoti
spoksote, spoksoti
spoksok, spoksoti
spoksokite, spoksoti
spoksokime, spoksoti
spoksojau, spoksoti
spoksojai, spoksoti
spoksojo, spoksoti
spoksojome, spoksoti
spoksojote, spoksoti
spoksodavau, spoksoti
spoksodavai, spoksoti
spoksodavo, spoksoti
spoksodavome, spoksoti
spoksodavote, spoksoti
spoksosiu, spoksoti
spoksosi, spoksoti
spoksos, spoksoti
spoksosime, spoksoti
spoksosite, spoksoti
spoksočiau, spoksoti
spoksotum(ei), spoksoti
spoksotų, spoksoti
spoksotu(mė)me, spoksoti
spoksotu(mė)te, spoksoti
sportuoti, sportuoti
sportuoju, sportuoti
sportuoji, sportuoti
sportuoja, sportuoti
sportuojame, sportuoti
sportuojate, sportuoti
sportuok, sportuoti
sportuokite, sportuoti
sportuokime, sportuoti
sportavau, sportuoti
sportavai, sportuoti
sportavo, sportuoti
sportavome, sportuoti
sportavote, sportuoti
sportuodavau, sportuoti
sportuodavai, sportuoti
sportuodavo, sportuoti
sportuodavome, sportuoti
sportuodavote, sportuoti
sportuosiu, sportuoti
sportuosi, sportuoti
sportuos, sportuoti
sportuosime, sportuoti
sportuosite, sportuoti
sportuočiau, sportuoti
sportuotum(ei), sportuoti
sportuotų, sportuoti
sportuotu(mė)me, sportuoti
sportuotu(mė)te, sportuoti
spręsti, spręsti
sprendžiu, spręsti
sprendži, spręsti
sprendžia, spręsti
sprendžiame, spręsti
sprendžiate, spręsti
spręsk, spręsti
spręskite, spręsti
spręskime, spręsti
sprendei, spręsti
sprendė, spręsti
sprendėme, spręsti
sprendėte, spręsti
spręsdavau, spręsti
spręsdavai, spręsti
spręsdavo, spręsti
spręsdavome, spręsti
spręsdavote, spręsti
spręsiu, spręsti
spręsi, spręsti
spręs, spręsti
spręsime, spręsti
spręsite, spręsti
spręsčiau, spręsti
spręstum(ei), spręsti
spręstų, spręsti
spręstu(mė)me, spręsti
spręstu(mė)te, spręsti
sprogdinti, sprogdinti
sprogdinu, sprogdinti
sprogdini, sprogdinti
sprogdina, sprogdinti
sprogdiname, sprogdinti
sprogdinate, sprogdinti
sprogdink, sprogdinti
sprogdinkite, sprogdinti
sprogdinkime, sprogdinti
sprogdinau, sprogdinti
sprogdinai, sprogdinti
sprogdino, sprogdinti
sprogdinome, sprogdinti
sprogdinote, sprogdinti
sprogdindavau, sprogdinti
sprogdindavai, sprogdinti
sprogdindavo, sprogdinti
sprogdindavome, sprogdinti
sprogdindavote, sprogdinti
sprogdinsiu, sprogdinti
sprogdinsi, sprogdinti
sprogdins, sprogdinti
sprogdinsime, sprogdinti
sprogdinsite, sprogdinti
sprogdinčiau, sprogdinti
sprogdintum(ei), sprogdinti
sprogdintų, sprogdinti
sprogdintu(mė)me, sprogdinti
sprogdintu(mė)te, sprogdinti
sprogti, sprogti
sprogstu, sprogti
sprogsti, sprogti
sprogsta, sprogti
sprogstame, sprogti
sprogstate, sprogti
sprok, sprogti
sprokite, sprogti
sprokime, sprogti
sprogau, sprogti
sprogai, sprogti
sprogo, sprogti
sprogome, sprogti
sprogote, sprogti
sprogdavau, sprogti
sprogdavai, sprogti
sprogdavo, sprogti
sprogdavome, sprogti
sprogdavote, sprogti
sprogsiu, sprogti
sprogsi, sprogti
sprogs, sprogti
sprogsime, sprogti
sprogsite, sprogti
sprogčiau, sprogti
sprogtum(ei), sprogti
sprogtų, sprogti
sprogtu(mė)me, sprogti
sprogtu(mė)te, sprogti
sprukti, sprukti
sprunku, sprukti
sprunki, sprukti
sprunka, sprukti
sprunkame, sprukti
sprunkate, sprukti
spruk, sprukti
sprukite, sprukti
sprukime, sprukti
sprukau, sprukti
sprukai, sprukti
spruko, sprukti
sprukome, sprukti
sprukote, sprukti
sprukdavau, sprukti
sprukdavai, sprukti
sprukdavo, sprukti
sprukdavome, sprukti
sprukdavote, sprukti
spruksiu, sprukti
spruksi, sprukti
spruks, sprukti
spruksime, sprukti
spruksite, sprukti
sprukčiau, sprukti
spruktum(ei), sprukti
spruktų, sprukti
spruktu(mė)me, sprukti
spruktu(mė)te, sprukti
spustelėti, spustelėti
spustelėju, spustelėti
spustelėji, spustelėti
spustelėja, spustelėti
spustelėjame, spustelėti
spustelėjate, spustelėti
spustelėk, spustelėti
spustelėkite, spustelėti
spustelėkime, spustelėti
spustelėjau, spustelėti
spustelėjai, spustelėti
spustelėjo, spustelėti
spustelėjome, spustelėti
spustelėjote, spustelėti
spustelėdavau, spustelėti
spustelėdavai, spustelėti
spustelėdavo, spustelėti
spustelėdavome, spustelėti
spustelėdavote, spustelėti
spustelėsiu, spustelėti
spustelėsi, spustelėti
spustelės, spustelėti
spustelėsime, spustelėti
spustelėsite, spustelėti
spustelėčiau, spustelėti
spustelėtum(ei), spustelėti
spustelėtų, spustelėti
spustelėtu(mė)me, spustelėti
spustelėtu(mė)te, spustelėti
spygauti, spygauti
spygauju, spygauti
spygauji, spygauti
spygauja, spygauti
spygaujame, spygauti
spygaujate, spygauti
spygauk, spygauti
spygaukite, spygauti
spygaukime, spygauti
spygavau, spygauti
spygavai, spygauti
spygavo, spygauti
spygavome, spygauti
spygavote, spygauti
spygaudavau, spygauti
spygaudavai, spygauti
spygaudavo, spygauti
spygaudavome, spygauti
spygaudavote, spygauti
spygausiu, spygauti
spygausi, spygauti
spygaus, spygauti
spygausime, spygauti
spygausite, spygauti
spygaučiau, spygauti
spygautum(ei), spygauti
spygautų, spygauti
spygautu(mė)me, spygauti
spygautu(mė)te, spygauti
srėbti, srėbti
srėbiu, srėbti
srėbi, srėbti
srėbia, srėbti
srėbiame, srėbti
srėbiate, srėbti
srėbk, srėbti
srėbkite, srėbti
srėbkime, srėbti
srėbiau, srėbti
srėbei, srėbti
srėbė, srėbti
srėbėme, srėbti
srėbėte, srėbti
srėbdavau, srėbti
srėbdavai, srėbti
srėbdavo, srėbti
srėbdavome, srėbti
srėbdavote, srėbti
srėbsiu, srėbti
srėbsi, srėbti
srėbs, srėbti
srėbsime, srėbti
srėbsite, srėbti
srėbčiau, srėbti
srėbtum(ei), srėbti
srėbtų, srėbti
srėbtu(mė)me, srėbti
srėbtu(mė)te, srėbti
sriuobti, sriuobti
sriuobiu, sriuobti
sriuobi, sriuobti
sriuobia, sriuobti
sriuobiame, sriuobti
sriuobiate, sriuobti
sriuobk, sriuobti
sriuobkite, sriuobti
sriuobkime, sriuobti
sriuobiau, sriuobti
sriuobei, sriuobti
sriuobė, sriuobti
sriuobėme, sriuobti
sriuobėte, sriuobti
sriuobdavau, sriuobti
sriuobdavai, sriuobti
sriuobdavo, sriuobti
sriuobdavome, sriuobti
sriuobdavote, sriuobti
sriuobsiu, sriuobti
sriuobsi, sriuobti
sriuobs, sriuobti
sriuobsime, sriuobti
sriuobsite, sriuobti
sriuobčiau, sriuobti
sriuobtum(ei), sriuobti
sriuobtų, sriuobti
sriuobtu(mė)me, sriuobti
sriuobtu(mė)te, sriuobti
stabdyti, stabdyti
stabdžau, stabdyti
stabdai, stabdyti
stabdo, stabdyti
stabdome, stabdyti
stabdote, stabdyti
stabdyk, stabdyti
stabdykite, stabdyti
stabdykime, stabdyti
stabdei, stabdyti
stabdė, stabdyti
stabdėme, stabdyti
stabdėte, stabdyti
stabdydavau, stabdyti
stabdydavai, stabdyti
stabdydavo, stabdyti
stabdydavome, stabdyti
stabdydavote, stabdyti
stabdysiu, stabdyti
stabdysi, stabdyti
stabdys, stabdyti
stabdysime, stabdyti
stabdysite, stabdyti
stabdyčiau, stabdyti
stabdytum(ei), stabdyti
stabdytų, stabdyti
stabdytu(mė)me, stabdyti
stabdytu(mė)te, stabdyti
stambėti, stambėti
stambėju, stambėti
stambėji, stambėti
stambėja, stambėti
stambėjame, stambėti
stambėjate, stambėti
stambėk, stambėti
stambėkite, stambėti
stambėkime, stambėti
stambėjau, stambėti
stambėjai, stambėti
stambėjo, stambėti
stambėjome, stambėti
stambėjote, stambėti
stambėdavau, stambėti
stambėdavai, stambėti
stambėdavo, stambėti
stambėdavome, stambėti
stambėdavote, stambėti
stambėsiu, stambėti
stambėsi, stambėti
stambės, stambėti
stambėsime, stambėti
stambėsite, stambėti
stambėčiau, stambėti
stambėtum(ei), stambėti
stambėtų, stambėti
stambėtu(mė)me, stambėti
stambėtu(mė)te, stambėti
stambinti, stambinti
stambinu, stambinti
stambini, stambinti
stambina, stambinti
stambiname, stambinti
stambinate, stambinti
stambink, stambinti
stambinkite, stambinti
stambinkime, stambinti
stambinau, stambinti
stambinai, stambinti
stambino, stambinti
stambinome, stambinti
stambinote, stambinti
stambindavau, stambinti
stambindavai, stambinti
stambindavo, stambinti
stambindavome, stambinti
stambindavote, stambinti
stambinsiu, stambinti
stambinsi, stambinti
stambins, stambinti
stambinsime, stambinti
stambinsite, stambinti
stambinčiau, stambinti
stambintum(ei), stambinti
stambintų, stambinti
stambintu(mė)me, stambinti
stambintu(mė)te, stambinti
statyti, statyti
statau, statyti
statai, statyti
stato, statyti
statome, statyti
statote, statyti
statyk, statyti
statykite, statyti
statykime, statyti
statei, statyti
statė, statyti
statėme, statyti
statėte, statyti
statydavau, statyti
statydavai, statyti
statydavo, statyti
statydavome, statyti
statydavote, statyti
statysiu, statyti
statysi, statyti
statys, statyti
statysime, statyti
statysite, statyti
statyčiau, statyti
statytum(ei), statyti
statytų, statyti
statytu(mė)me, statyti
statytu(mė)te, statyti
staugti, staugti
staugiu, staugti
staugi, staugti
staugia, staugti
staugiame, staugti
staugiate, staugti
stauk, staugti
staukite, staugti
staukime, staugti
staugiau, staugti
staugei, staugti
staugė, staugti
staugėme, staugti
staugėte, staugti
staugdavau, staugti
staugdavai, staugti
staugdavo, staugti
staugdavome, staugti
staugdavote, staugti
staugsiu, staugti
staugsi, staugti
staugs, staugti
staugsime, staugti
staugsite, staugti
staugčiau, staugti
staugtum(ei), staugti
staugtų, staugti
staugtu(mė)me, staugti
staugtu(mė)te, staugti
stebėti, stebėti
stebiu, stebėti
stebi, stebėti
stebi, stebėti
stebime, stebėti
stebite, stebėti
stebėk, stebėti
stebėkite, stebėti
stebėkime, stebėti
stebėjau, stebėti
stebėjai, stebėti
stebėjo, stebėti
stebėjome, stebėti
stebėjote, stebėti
stebėdavau, stebėti
stebėdavai, stebėti
stebėdavo, stebėti
stebėdavome, stebėti
stebėdavote, stebėti
stebėsiu, stebėti
stebėsi, stebėti
stebės, stebėti
stebėsime, stebėti
stebėsite, stebėti
stebėčiau, stebėti
stebėtum(ei), stebėti
stebėtų, stebėti
stebėtu(mė)me, stebėti
stebėtu(mė)te, stebėti
stebinti, stebinti
stebinu, stebinti
stebini, stebinti
stebina, stebinti
stebiname, stebinti
stebinate, stebinti
stebink, stebinti
stebinkite, stebinti
stebinkime, stebinti
stebinau, stebinti
stebinai, stebinti
stebino, stebinti
stebinome, stebinti
stebinote, stebinti
stebindavau, stebinti
stebindavai, stebinti
stebindavo, stebinti
stebindavome, stebinti
stebindavote, stebinti
stebinsiu, stebinti
stebinsi, stebinti
stebins, stebinti
stebinsime, stebinti
stebinsite, stebinti
stebinčiau, stebinti
stebintum(ei), stebinti
stebintų, stebinti
stebintu(mė)me, stebinti
stebintu(mė)te, stebinti
steigti, steigti
steigiu, steigti
steigi, steigti
steigia, steigti
steigiame, steigti
steigiate, steigti
steik, steigti
steikite, steigti
steikime, steigti
steigiau, steigti
steigei, steigti
steigė, steigti
steigėme, steigti
steigėte, steigti
steigdavau, steigti
steigdavai, steigti
steigdavo, steigti
steigdavome, steigti
steigdavote, steigti
steigsiu, steigti
steigsi, steigti
steigs, steigti
steigsime, steigti
steigsite, steigti
steigčiau, steigti
steigtum(ei), steigti
steigtų, steigti
steigtu(mė)me, steigti
steigtu(mė)te, steigti
stigti, stigti
stingu, stigti
stingi, stigti
stinga, stigti
stingame, stigti
stingate, stigti
stik, stigti
stikite, stigti
stikime, stigti
stigau, stigti
stigai, stigti
stigo, stigti
stigome, stigti
stigote, stigti
stigdavau, stigti
stigdavai, stigti
stigdavo, stigti
stigdavome, stigti
stigdavote, stigti
stigsiu, stigti
stigsi, stigti
stigs, stigti
stigsime, stigti
stigsite, stigti
stigčiau, stigti
stigtum(ei), stigti
stigtų, stigti
stigtu(mė)me, stigti
stigtu(mė)te, stigti
stingti, stingti
stingstu, stingti
stingsti, stingti
stingsta, stingti
stingstame, stingti
stingstate, stingti
stink, stingti
stinkite, stingti
stinkime, stingti
stingau, stingti
stingai, stingti
stingo, stingti
stingome, stingti
stingote, stingti
stingdavau, stingti
stingdavai, stingti
stingdavo, stingti
stingdavome, stingti
stingdavote, stingti
stingsiu, stingti
stingsi, stingti
stings, stingti
stingsime, stingti
stingsite, stingti
stingčiau, stingti
stingtum(ei), stingti
stingtų, stingti
stingtu(mė)me, stingti
stingtu(mė)te, stingti
stiprėti, stiprėti
stiprėju, stiprėti
stiprėji, stiprėti
stiprėja, stiprėti
stiprėjame, stiprėti
stiprėjate, stiprėti
stiprėk, stiprėti
stiprėkite, stiprėti
stiprėkime, stiprėti
stiprėjau, stiprėti
stiprėjai, stiprėti
stiprėjo, stiprėti
stiprėjome, stiprėti
stiprėjote, stiprėti
stiprėdavau, stiprėti
stiprėdavai, stiprėti
stiprėdavo, stiprėti
stiprėdavome, stiprėti
stiprėdavote, stiprėti
stiprėsiu, stiprėti
stiprėsi, stiprėti
stiprės, stiprėti
stiprėsime, stiprėti
stiprėsite, stiprėti
stiprėčiau, stiprėti
stiprėtum(ei), stiprėti
stiprėtų, stiprėti
stiprėtu(mė)me, stiprėti
stiprėtu(mė)te, stiprėti
stiprinti, stiprinti
stiprinu, stiprinti
stiprini, stiprinti
stiprina, stiprinti
stipriname, stiprinti
stiprinate, stiprinti
stiprink, stiprinti
stiprinkite, stiprinti
stiprinkime, stiprinti
stiprinau, stiprinti
stiprinai, stiprinti
stiprino, stiprinti
stiprinome, stiprinti
stiprinote, stiprinti
stiprindavau, stiprinti
stiprindavai, stiprinti
stiprindavo, stiprinti
stiprindavome, stiprinti
stiprindavote, stiprinti
stiprinsiu, stiprinti
stiprinsi, stiprinti
stiprins, stiprinti
stiprinsime, stiprinti
stiprinsite, stiprinti
stiprinčiau, stiprinti
stiprintum(ei), stiprinti
stiprintų, stiprinti
stiprintu(mė)me, stiprinti
stiprintu(mė)te, stiprinti
stipti, stipti
stimpu, stipti
stimpi, stipti
stimpa, stipti
stimpame, stipti
stimpate, stipti
stipk, stipti
stipkite, stipti
stipkime, stipti
stipau, stipti
stipai, stipti
stipo, stipti
stipome, stipti
stipote, stipti
stipdavau, stipti
stipdavai, stipti
stipdavo, stipti
stipdavome, stipti
stipdavote, stipti
stipsiu, stipti
stipsi, stipti
stips, stipti
stipsime, stipti
stipsite, stipti
stipčiau, stipti
stiptum(ei), stipti
stiptų, stipti
stiptu(mė)me, stipti
stiptu(mė)te, stipti
stirksoti, stirksoti
stirksau, stirksoti
stirksai, stirksoti
stirkso, stirksoti
stirksome, stirksoti
stirksote, stirksoti
stirksok, stirksoti
stirksokite, stirksoti
stirksokime, stirksoti
stirksojau, stirksoti
stirksojai, stirksoti
stirksojo, stirksoti
stirksojome, stirksoti
stirksojote, stirksoti
stirksodavau, stirksoti
stirksodavai, stirksoti
stirksodavo, stirksoti
stirksodavome, stirksoti
stirksodavote, stirksoti
stirksosiu, stirksoti
stirksosi, stirksoti
stirksos, stirksoti
stirksosime, stirksoti
stirksosite, stirksoti
stirksočiau, stirksoti
stirksotum(ei), stirksoti
stirksotų, stirksoti
stirksotu(mė)me, stirksoti
stirksotu(mė)te, stirksoti
stodinėti, stodinėti
stodinėju, stodinėti
stodinėji, stodinėti
stodinėja, stodinėti
stodinėjame, stodinėti
stodinėjate, stodinėti
stodinėk, stodinėti
stodinėkite, stodinėti
stodinėkime, stodinėti
stodinėjau, stodinėti
stodinėjai, stodinėti
stodinėjo, stodinėti
stodinėjome, stodinėti
stodinėjote, stodinėti
stodinėdavau, stodinėti
stodinėdavai, stodinėti
stodinėdavo, stodinėti
stodinėdavome, stodinėti
stodinėdavote, stodinėti
stodinėsiu, stodinėti
stodinėsi, stodinėti
stodinės, stodinėti
stodinėsime, stodinėti
stodinėsite, stodinėti
stodinėčiau, stodinėti
stodinėtum(ei), stodinėti
stodinėtų, stodinėti
stodinėtu(mė)me, stodinėti
stodinėtu(mė)te, stodinėti
stokoti, stokoti
stokoju, stokoti
stokoji, stokoti
stokoja, stokoti
stokojame, stokoti
stokojate, stokoti
stokok, stokoti
stokokite, stokoti
stokokime, stokoti
stokojau, stokoti
stokojai, stokoti
stokojo, stokoti
stokojome, stokoti
stokojote, stokoti
stokodavau, stokoti
stokodavai, stokoti
stokodavo, stokoti
stokodavome, stokoti
stokodavote, stokoti
stokosiu, stokoti
stokosi, stokoti
stokos, stokoti
stokosime, stokoti
stokosite, stokoti
stokočiau, stokoti
stokotum(ei), stokoti
stokotų, stokoti
stokotu(mė)me, stokoti
stokotu(mė)te, stokoti
storėti, storėti
storėju, storėti
storėji, storėti
storėja, storėti
storėjame, storėti
storėjate, storėti
storėk, storėti
storėkite, storėti
storėkime, storėti
storėjau, storėti
storėjai, storėti
storėjo, storėti
storėjome, storėti
storėjote, storėti
storėdavau, storėti
storėdavai, storėti
storėdavo, storėti
storėdavome, storėti
storėdavote, storėti
storėsiu, storėti
storėsi, storėti
storės, storėti
storėsime, storėti
storėsite, storėti
storėčiau, storėti
storėtum(ei), storėti
storėtų, storėti
storėtu(mė)me, storėti
storėtu(mė)te, storėti
storinti, storinti
storinu, storinti
storini, storinti
storina, storinti
storiname, storinti
storinate, storinti
storink, storinti
storinkite, storinti
storinkime, storinti
storinau, storinti
storinai, storinti
storino, storinti
storinome, storinti
storinote, storinti
storindavau, storinti
storindavai, storinti
storindavo, storinti
storindavome, storinti
storindavote, storinti
storinsiu, storinti
storinsi, storinti
storins, storinti
storinsime, storinti
storinsite, storinti
storinčiau, storinti
storintum(ei), storinti
storintų, storinti
storintu(mė)me, storinti
storintu(mė)te, storinti
stoti, stoti
stoju, stoti
stoji, stoti
stoja, stoti
stojame, stoti
stojate, stoti
stok, stoti
stokite, stoti
stokime, stoti
stojau, stoti
stojai, stoti
stojo, stoti
stojome, stoti
stojote, stoti
stodavau, stoti
stodavai, stoti
stodavo, stoti
stodavome, stoti
stodavote, stoti
stosiu, stoti
stosi, stoti
stos, stoti
stosime, stoti
stosite, stoti
stočiau, stoti
stotum(ei), stoti
stotų, stoti
stotu(mė)me, stoti
stotu(mė)te, stoti
stovėti, stovėti
stoviu, stovėti
stovi, stovėti
stovi, stovėti
stovime, stovėti
stovite, stovėti
stovėk, stovėti
stovėkite, stovėti
stovėkime, stovėti
stovėjau, stovėti
stovėjai, stovėti
stovėjo, stovėti
stovėjome, stovėti
stovėjote, stovėti
stovėdavau, stovėti
stovėdavai, stovėti
stovėdavo, stovėti
stovėdavome, stovėti
stovėdavote, stovėti
stovėsiu, stovėti
stovėsi, stovėti
stovės, stovėti
stovėsime, stovėti
stovėsite, stovėti
stovėčiau, stovėti
stovėtum(ei), stovėti
stovėtų, stovėti
stovėtu(mė)me, stovėti
stovėtu(mė)te, stovėti
stovinėti, stovinėti
stovinėju, stovinėti
stovinėji, stovinėti
stovinėja, stovinėti
stovinėjame, stovinėti
stovinėjate, stovinėti
stovinėk, stovinėti
stovinėkite, stovinėti
stovinėkime, stovinėti
stovinėjau, stovinėti
stovinėjai, stovinėti
stovinėjo, stovinėti
stovinėjome, stovinėti
stovinėjote, stovinėti
stovinėdavau, stovinėti
stovinėdavai, stovinėti
stovinėdavo, stovinėti
stovinėdavome, stovinėti
stovinėdavote, stovinėti
stovinėsiu, stovinėti
stovinėsi, stovinėti
stovinės, stovinėti
stovinėsime, stovinėti
stovinėsite, stovinėti
stovinėčiau, stovinėti
stovinėtum(ei), stovinėti
stovinėtų, stovinėti
stovinėtu(mė)me, stovinėti
stovinėtu(mė)te, stovinėti
stoviniuoti, stoviniuoti
stoviniuoju, stoviniuoti
stoviniuoji, stoviniuoti
stoviniuoja, stoviniuoti
stoviniuojame, stoviniuoti
stoviniuojate, stoviniuoti
stoviniuok, stoviniuoti
stoviniuokite, stoviniuoti
stoviniuokime, stoviniuoti
stoviniavau, stoviniuoti
stoviniavai, stoviniuoti
stoviniavo, stoviniuoti
stoviniavome, stoviniuoti
stoviniavote, stoviniuoti
stoviniuodavau, stoviniuoti
stoviniuodavai, stoviniuoti
stoviniuodavo, stoviniuoti
stoviniuodavome, stoviniuoti
stoviniuodavote, stoviniuoti
stoviniuosiu, stoviniuoti
stoviniuosi, stoviniuoti
stoviniuos, stoviniuoti
stoviniuosime, stoviniuoti
stoviniuosite, stoviniuoti
stoviniuočiau, stoviniuoti
stoviniuotum(ei), stoviniuoti
stoviniuotų, stoviniuoti
stoviniuotu(mė)me, stoviniuoti
stoviniuotu(mė)te, stoviniuoti
stovyklauti, stovyklauti
stovyklauju, stovyklauti
stovyklauji, stovyklauti
stovyklauja, stovyklauti
stovyklaujame, stovyklauti
stovyklaujate, stovyklauti
stovyklauk, stovyklauti
stovyklaukite, stovyklauti
stovyklaukime, stovyklauti
stovyklavau, stovyklauti
stovyklavai, stovyklauti
stovyklavo, stovyklauti
stovyklavome, stovyklauti
stovyklavote, stovyklauti
stovyklaudavau, stovyklauti
stovyklaudavai, stovyklauti
stovyklaudavo, stovyklauti
stovyklaudavome, stovyklauti
stovyklaudavote, stovyklauti
stovyklausiu, stovyklauti
stovyklausi, stovyklauti
stovyklaus, stovyklauti
stovyklausime, stovyklauti
stovyklausite, stovyklauti
stovyklaučiau, stovyklauti
stovyklautum(ei), stovyklauti
stovyklautų, stovyklauti
stovyklautu(mė)me, stovyklauti
stovyklautu(mė)te, stovyklauti
streikuoti, streikuoti
streikuoju, streikuoti
streikuoji, streikuoti
streikuoja, streikuoti
streikuojame, streikuoti
streikuojate, streikuoti
streikuok, streikuoti
streikuokite, streikuoti
streikuokime, streikuoti
streikavau, streikuoti
streikavai, streikuoti
streikavo, streikuoti
streikavome, streikuoti
streikavote, streikuoti
streikuodavau, streikuoti
streikuodavai, streikuoti
streikuodavo, streikuoti
streikuodavome, streikuoti
streikuodavote, streikuoti
streikuosiu, streikuoti
streikuosi, streikuoti
streikuos, streikuoti
streikuosime, streikuoti
streikuosite, streikuoti
streikuočiau, streikuoti
streikuotum(ei), streikuoti
streikuotų, streikuoti
streikuotu(mė)me, streikuoti
streikuotu(mė)te, streikuoti
stresuoti, stresuoti
stresuoju, stresuoti
stresuoji, stresuoti
stresuoja, stresuoti
stresuojame, stresuoti
stresuojate, stresuoti
stresuok, stresuoti
stresuokite, stresuoti
stresuokime, stresuoti
stresavau, stresuoti
stresavai, stresuoti
stresavo, stresuoti
stresavome, stresuoti
stresavote, stresuoti
stresuodavau, stresuoti
stresuodavai, stresuoti
stresuodavo, stresuoti
stresuodavome, stresuoti
stresuodavote, stresuoti
stresuosiu, stresuoti
stresuosi, stresuoti
stresuos, stresuoti
stresuosime, stresuoti
stresuosite, stresuoti
stresuočiau, stresuoti
stresuotum(ei), stresuoti
stresuotų, stresuoti
stresuotu(mė)me, stresuoti
stresuotu(mė)te, stresuoti
strikinėti, strikinėti
strikinėju, strikinėti
strikinėji, strikinėti
strikinėja, strikinėti
strikinėjame, strikinėti
strikinėjate, strikinėti
strikinėk, strikinėti
strikinėkite, strikinėti
strikinėkime, strikinėti
strikinėjau, strikinėti
strikinėjai, strikinėti
strikinėjo, strikinėti
strikinėjome, strikinėti
strikinėjote, strikinėti
strikinėdavau, strikinėti
strikinėdavai, strikinėti
strikinėdavo, strikinėti
strikinėdavome, strikinėti
strikinėdavote, strikinėti
strikinėsiu, strikinėti
strikinėsi, strikinėti
strikinės, strikinėti
strikinėsime, strikinėti
strikinėsite, strikinėti
strikinėčiau, strikinėti
strikinėtum(ei), strikinėti
strikinėtų, strikinėti
strikinėtu(mė)me, strikinėti
strikinėtu(mė)te, strikinėti
strykinėti, strykinėti
strykinėju, strykinėti
strykinėji, strykinėti
strykinėja, strykinėti
strykinėjame, strykinėti
strykinėjate, strykinėti
strykinėk, strykinėti
strykinėkite, strykinėti
strykinėkime, strykinėti
strykinėjau, strykinėti
strykinėjai, strykinėti
strykinėjo, strykinėti
strykinėjome, strykinėti
strykinėjote, strykinėti
strykinėdavau, strykinėti
strykinėdavai, strykinėti
strykinėdavo, strykinėti
strykinėdavome, strykinėti
strykinėdavote, strykinėti
strykinėsiu, strykinėti
strykinėsi, strykinėti
strykinės, strykinėti
strykinėsime, strykinėti
strykinėsite, strykinėti
strykinėčiau, strykinėti
strykinėtum(ei), strykinėti
strykinėtų, strykinėti
strykinėtu(mė)me, strykinėti
strykinėtu(mė)te, strykinėti
stryktelėti, stryktelėti
stryktelėju, stryktelėti
stryktelėji, stryktelėti
stryktelėja, stryktelėti
stryktelėjame, stryktelėti
stryktelėjate, stryktelėti
stryktelėk, stryktelėti
stryktelėkite, stryktelėti
stryktelėkime, stryktelėti
stryktelėjau, stryktelėti
stryktelėjai, stryktelėti
stryktelėjo, stryktelėti
stryktelėjome, stryktelėti
stryktelėjote, stryktelėti
stryktelėdavau, stryktelėti
stryktelėdavai, stryktelėti
stryktelėdavo, stryktelėti
stryktelėdavome, stryktelėti
stryktelėdavote, stryktelėti
stryktelėsiu, stryktelėti
stryktelėsi, stryktelėti
stryktelės, stryktelėti
stryktelėsime, stryktelėti
stryktelėsite, stryktelėti
stryktelėčiau, stryktelėti
stryktelėtum(ei), stryktelėti
stryktelėtų, stryktelėti
stryktelėtu(mė)me, stryktelėti
stryktelėtu(mė)te, stryktelėti
studijuoti, studijuoti
studijuoju, studijuoti
studijuoji, studijuoti
studijuoja, studijuoti
studijuojame, studijuoti
studijuojate, studijuoti
studijuok, studijuoti
studijuokite, studijuoti
studijuokime, studijuoti
studijavau, studijuoti
studijavai, studijuoti
studijavo, studijuoti
studijavome, studijuoti
studijavote, studijuoti
studijuodavau, studijuoti
studijuodavai, studijuoti
studijuodavo, studijuoti
studijuodavome, studijuoti
studijuodavote, studijuoti
studijuosiu, studijuoti
studijuosi, studijuoti
studijuos, studijuoti
studijuosime, studijuoti
studijuosite, studijuoti
studijuočiau, studijuoti
studijuotum(ei), studijuoti
studijuotų, studijuoti
studijuotu(mė)me, studijuoti
studijuotu(mė)te, studijuoti
stulbinti, stulbinti
stulbinu, stulbinti
stulbini, stulbinti
stulbina, stulbinti
stulbiname, stulbinti
stulbinate, stulbinti
stulbink, stulbinti
stulbinkite, stulbinti
stulbinkime, stulbinti
stulbinau, stulbinti
stulbinai, stulbinti
stulbino, stulbinti
stulbinome, stulbinti
stulbinote, stulbinti
stulbindavau, stulbinti
stulbindavai, stulbinti
stulbindavo, stulbinti
stulbindavome, stulbinti
stulbindavote, stulbinti
stulbinsiu, stulbinti
stulbinsi, stulbinti
stulbins, stulbinti
stulbinsime, stulbinti
stulbinsite, stulbinti
stulbinčiau, stulbinti
stulbintum(ei), stulbinti
stulbintų, stulbinti
stulbintu(mė)me, stulbinti
stulbintu(mė)te, stulbinti
stūmėti, stūmėti
stūmiu, stūmėti
stūmi, stūmėti
stūmi, stūmėti
stūmime, stūmėti
stūmite, stūmėti
stūmėk, stūmėti
stūmėkite, stūmėti
stūmėkime, stūmėti
stūmėjau, stūmėti
stūmėjai, stūmėti
stūmėjo, stūmėti
stūmėjome, stūmėti
stūmėjote, stūmėti
stūmėdavau, stūmėti
stūmėdavai, stūmėti
stūmėdavo, stūmėti
stūmėdavome, stūmėti
stūmėdavote, stūmėti
stūmėsiu, stūmėti
stūmėsi, stūmėti
stūmės, stūmėti
stūmėsime, stūmėti
stūmėsite, stūmėti
stūmėčiau, stūmėti
stūmėtum(ei), stūmėti
stūmėtų, stūmėti
stūmėtu(mė)me, stūmėti
stūmėtu(mė)te, stūmėti
stumtelėti, stumtelėti
stumtelėju, stumtelėti
stumtelėji, stumtelėti
stumtelėja, stumtelėti
stumtelėjame, stumtelėti
stumtelėjate, stumtelėti
stumtelėk, stumtelėti
stumtelėkite, stumtelėti
stumtelėkime, stumtelėti
stumtelėjau, stumtelėti
stumtelėjai, stumtelėti
stumtelėjo, stumtelėti
stumtelėjome, stumtelėti
stumtelėjote, stumtelėti
stumtelėdavau, stumtelėti
stumtelėdavai, stumtelėti
stumtelėdavo, stumtelėti
stumtelėdavome, stumtelėti
stumtelėdavote, stumtelėti
stumtelėsiu, stumtelėti
stumtelėsi, stumtelėti
stumtelės, stumtelėti
stumtelėsime, stumtelėti
stumtelėsite, stumtelėti
stumtelėčiau, stumtelėti
stumtelėtum(ei), stumtelėti
stumtelėtų, stumtelėti
stumtelėtu(mė)me, stumtelėti
stumtelėtu(mė)te, stumtelėti
stumti, stumti
stumiu, stumti
stumi, stumti
stumia, stumti
stumiame, stumti
stumiate, stumti
stumk, stumti
stumkite, stumti
stumkime, stumti
stūmiau, stumti
stūmei, stumti
stūmė, stumti
stūmėme, stumti
stūmėte, stumti
stumdavau, stumti
stumdavai, stumti
stumdavo, stumti
stumdavome, stumti
stumdavote, stumti
stumsiu, stumti
stumsi, stumti
stums, stumti
stumsime, stumti
stumsite, stumti
stumčiau, stumti
stumtum(ei), stumti
stumtų, stumti
stumtu(mė)me, stumti
stumtu(mė)te, stumti
šturmuoti, šturmuoti
šturmuoju, šturmuoti
šturmuoji, šturmuoti
šturmuoja, šturmuoti
šturmuojame, šturmuoti
šturmuojate, šturmuoti
šturmuok, šturmuoti
šturmuokite, šturmuoti
šturmuokime, šturmuoti
šturmavau, šturmuoti
šturmavai, šturmuoti
šturmavo, šturmuoti
šturmavome, šturmuoti
šturmavote, šturmuoti
šturmuodavau, šturmuoti
šturmuodavai, šturmuoti
šturmuodavo, šturmuoti
šturmuodavome, šturmuoti
šturmuodavote, šturmuoti
šturmuosiu, šturmuoti
šturmuosi, šturmuoti
šturmuos, šturmuoti
šturmuosime, šturmuoti
šturmuosite, šturmuoti
šturmuočiau, šturmuoti
šturmuotum(ei), šturmuoti
šturmuotų, šturmuoti
šturmuotu(mė)me, šturmuoti
šturmuotu(mė)te, šturmuoti
stverti, stverti
stveriu, stverti
stveri, stverti
stveria, stverti
stveriame, stverti
stveriate, stverti
stverk, stverti
stverkite, stverti
stverkime, stverti
stvėriau, stverti
stvėrei, stverti
stvėrė, stverti
stvėrėme, stverti
stvėrėte, stverti
stverdavau, stverti
stverdavai, stverti
stverdavo, stverti
stverdavome, stverti
stverdavote, stverti
stversiu, stverti
stversi, stverti
stvers, stverti
stversime, stverti
stversite, stverti
stverčiau, stverti
stvertum(ei), stverti
stvertų, stverti
stvertu(mė)me, stverti
stvertu(mė)te, stverti
stypsoti, stypsoti
stypsau, stypsoti
stypsai, stypsoti
stypso, stypsoti
stypsome, stypsoti
stypsote, stypsoti
stypsok, stypsoti
stypsokite, stypsoti
stypsokime, stypsoti
stypsojau, stypsoti
stypsojai, stypsoti
stypsojo, stypsoti
stypsojome, stypsoti
stypsojote, stypsoti
stypsodavau, stypsoti
stypsodavai, stypsoti
stypsodavo, stypsoti
stypsodavome, stypsoti
stypsodavote, stypsoti
stypsosiu, stypsoti
stypsosi, stypsoti
stypsos, stypsoti
stypsosime, stypsoti
stypsosite, stypsoti
stypsočiau, stypsoti
stypsotum(ei), stypsoti
stypsotų, stypsoti
stypsotu(mė)me, stypsoti
stypsotu(mė)te, stypsoti
styroti, styroti
styrau, styroti
styrai, styroti
styro, styroti
styrome, styroti
styrote, styroti
styrok, styroti
styrokite, styroti
styrokime, styroti
styrojau, styroti
styrojai, styroti
styrojo, styroti
styrojome, styroti
styrojote, styroti
styrodavau, styroti
styrodavai, styroti
styrodavo, styroti
styrodavome, styroti
styrodavote, styroti
styrosiu, styroti
styrosi, styroti
styros, styroti
styrosime, styroti
styrosite, styroti
styročiau, styroti
styrotum(ei), styroti
styrotų, styroti
styrotu(mė)me, styroti
styrotu(mė)te, styroti
sūdyti, sūdyti
sūdžau, sūdyti
sūdai, sūdyti
sūdo, sūdyti
sūdome, sūdyti
sūdote, sūdyti
sūdyk, sūdyti
sūdykite, sūdyti
sūdykime, sūdyti
sūdei, sūdyti
sūdė, sūdyti
sūdėme, sūdyti
sūdėte, sūdyti
sūdydavau, sūdyti
sūdydavai, sūdyti
sūdydavo, sūdyti
sūdydavome, sūdyti
sūdydavote, sūdyti
sūdysiu, sūdyti
sūdysi, sūdyti
sūdys, sūdyti
sūdysime, sūdyti
sūdysite, sūdyti
sūdyčiau, sūdyti
sūdytum(ei), sūdyti
sūdytų, sūdyti
sūdytu(mė)me, sūdyti
sūdytu(mė)te, sūdyti
šūkauti, šūkauti
šūkauju, šūkauti
šūkauji, šūkauti
šūkauja, šūkauti
šūkaujame, šūkauti
šūkaujate, šūkauti
šūkauk, šūkauti
šūkaukite, šūkauti
šūkaukime, šūkauti
šūkavau, šūkauti
šūkavai, šūkauti
šūkavo, šūkauti
šūkavome, šūkauti
šūkavote, šūkauti
šūkaudavau, šūkauti
šūkaudavai, šūkauti
šūkaudavo, šūkauti
šūkaudavome, šūkauti
šūkaudavote, šūkauti
šūkausiu, šūkauti
šūkausi, šūkauti
šūkaus, šūkauti
šūkausime, šūkauti
šūkausite, šūkauti
šūkaučiau, šūkauti
šūkautum(ei), šūkauti
šūkautų, šūkauti
šūkautu(mė)me, šūkauti
šūkautu(mė)te, šūkauti
šukuoti, šukuoti
šukuoju, šukuoti
šukuoji, šukuoti
šukuoja, šukuoti
šukuojame, šukuoti
šukuojate, šukuoti
šukuok, šukuoti
šukuokite, šukuoti
šukuokime, šukuoti
šukavau, šukuoti
šukavai, šukuoti
šukavo, šukuoti
šukavome, šukuoti
šukavote, šukuoti
šukuodavau, šukuoti
šukuodavai, šukuoti
šukuodavo, šukuoti
šukuodavome, šukuoti
šukuodavote, šukuoti
šukuosiu, šukuoti
šukuosi, šukuoti
šukuos, šukuoti
šukuosime, šukuoti
šukuosite, šukuoti
šukuočiau, šukuoti
šukuotum(ei), šukuoti
šukuotų, šukuoti
šukuotu(mė)me, šukuoti
šukuotu(mė)te, šukuoti
šuoliuoti, šuoliuoti
šuoliuoju, šuoliuoti
šuoliuoji, šuoliuoti
šuoliuoja, šuoliuoti
šuoliuojame, šuoliuoti
šuoliuojate, šuoliuoti
šuoliuok, šuoliuoti
šuoliuokite, šuoliuoti
šuoliuokime, šuoliuoti
šuoliavau, šuoliuoti
šuoliavai, šuoliuoti
šuoliavo, šuoliuoti
šuoliavome, šuoliuoti
šuoliavote, šuoliuoti
šuoliuodavau, šuoliuoti
šuoliuodavai, šuoliuoti
šuoliuodavo, šuoliuoti
šuoliuodavome, šuoliuoti
šuoliuodavote, šuoliuoti
šuoliuosiu, šuoliuoti
šuoliuosi, šuoliuoti
šuoliuos, šuoliuoti
šuoliuosime, šuoliuoti
šuoliuosite, šuoliuoti
šuoliuočiau, šuoliuoti
šuoliuotum(ei), šuoliuoti
šuoliuotų, šuoliuoti
šuoliuotu(mė)me, šuoliuoti
šuoliuotu(mė)te, šuoliuoti
sūpuoti, sūpuoti
sūpuoju, sūpuoti
sūpuoji, sūpuoti
sūpuoja, sūpuoti
sūpuojame, sūpuoti
sūpuojate, sūpuoti
sūpuok, sūpuoti
sūpuokite, sūpuoti
sūpuokime, sūpuoti
sūpavau, sūpuoti
sūpavai, sūpuoti
sūpavo, sūpuoti
sūpavome, sūpuoti
sūpavote, sūpuoti
sūpuodavau, sūpuoti
sūpuodavai, sūpuoti
sūpuodavo, sūpuoti
sūpuodavome, sūpuoti
sūpuodavote, sūpuoti
sūpuosiu, sūpuoti
sūpuosi, sūpuoti
sūpuos, sūpuoti
sūpuosime, sūpuoti
sūpuosite, sūpuoti
sūpuočiau, sūpuoti
sūpuotum(ei), sūpuoti
sūpuotų, sūpuoti
sūpuotu(mė)me, sūpuoti
sūpuotu(mė)te, sūpuoti
šurmuliuoti, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuoju, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuoji, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuoja, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuojame, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuojate, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuok, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuokite, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuokime, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliavau, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliavai, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliavo, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliavome, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliavote, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuodavau, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuodavai, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuodavo, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuodavome, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuodavote, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuosiu, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuosi, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuos, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuosime, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuosite, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuočiau, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuotum(ei), šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuotų, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuotu(mė)me, šurmuliuoti
šurmuliuotu(mė)te, šurmuliuoti
šusti, šusti
šuntu, šusti
šunti, šusti
šunta, šusti
šuntame, šusti
šuntate, šusti
šusk, šusti
šuskite, šusti
šuskime, šusti
šutau, šusti
šutai, šusti
šuto, šusti
šutome, šusti
šutote, šusti
šusdavau, šusti
šusdavai, šusti
šusdavo, šusti
šusdavome, šusti
šusdavote, šusti
šusiu, šusti
šusi, šusti
šus, šusti
šusime, šusti
šusite, šusti
šusčiau, šusti
šustum(ei), šusti
šustų, šusti
šustu(mė)me, šusti
šustu(mė)te, šusti
svaidyti, svaidyti
svaidžau, svaidyti
svaidai, svaidyti
svaido, svaidyti
svaidome, svaidyti
svaidote, svaidyti
svaidyk, svaidyti
svaidykite, svaidyti
svaidykime, svaidyti
svaidei, svaidyti
svaidė, svaidyti
svaidėme, svaidyti
svaidėte, svaidyti
svaidydavau, svaidyti
svaidydavai, svaidyti
svaidydavo, svaidyti
svaidydavome, svaidyti
svaidydavote, svaidyti
svaidysiu, svaidyti
svaidysi, svaidyti
svaidys, svaidyti
svaidysime, svaidyti
svaidysite, svaidyti
svaidyčiau, svaidyti
svaidytum(ei), svaidyti
svaidytų, svaidyti
svaidytu(mė)me, svaidyti
svaidytu(mė)te, svaidyti
svaigti, svaigti
svaigstu, svaigti
svaigsti, svaigti
svaigsta, svaigti
svaigstame, svaigti
svaigstate, svaigti
svaik, svaigti
svaikite, svaigti
svaikime, svaigti
svaigau, svaigti
svaigai, svaigti
svaigo, svaigti
svaigome, svaigti
svaigote, svaigti
svaigdavau, svaigti
svaigdavai, svaigti
svaigdavo, svaigti
svaigdavome, svaigti
svaigdavote, svaigti
svaigsiu, svaigti
svaigsi, svaigti
svaigs, svaigti
svaigsime, svaigti
svaigsite, svaigti
svaigčiau, svaigti
svaigtum(ei), svaigti
svaigtų, svaigti
svaigtu(mė)me, svaigti
svaigtu(mė)te, svaigti
švaistyti, švaistyti
švaistau, švaistyti
švaistai, švaistyti
švaisto, švaistyti
švaistome, švaistyti
švaistote, švaistyti
švaistyk, švaistyti
švaistykite, švaistyti
švaistykime, švaistyti
švaistei, švaistyti
švaistė, švaistyti
švaistėme, švaistyti
švaistėte, švaistyti
švaistydavau, švaistyti
švaistydavai, švaistyti
švaistydavo, švaistyti
švaistydavome, švaistyti
švaistydavote, švaistyti
švaistysiu, švaistyti
švaistysi, švaistyti
švaistys, švaistyti
švaistysime, švaistyti
švaistysite, švaistyti
švaistyčiau, švaistyti
švaistytum(ei), švaistyti
švaistytų, švaistyti
švaistytu(mė)me, švaistyti
švaistytu(mė)te, švaistyti
svajoti, svajoti
svajoju, svajoti
svajoji, svajoti
svajoja, svajoti
svajojame, svajoti
svajojate, svajoti
svajok, svajoti
svajokite, svajoti
svajokime, svajoti
svajojau, svajoti
svajojai, svajoti
svajojo, svajoti
svajojome, svajoti
svajojote, svajoti
svajodavau, svajoti
svajodavai, svajoti
svajodavo, svajoti
svajodavome, svajoti
svajodavote, svajoti
svajosiu, svajoti
svajosi, svajoti
svajos, svajoti
svajosime, svajoti
svajosite, svajoti
svajočiau, svajoti
svajotum(ei), svajoti
svajotų, svajoti
svajotu(mė)me, svajoti
svajotu(mė)te, svajoti
švarinti, švarinti
švarinu, švarinti
švarini, švarinti
švarina, švarinti
švariname, švarinti
švarinate, švarinti
švarink, švarinti
švarinkite, švarinti
švarinkime, švarinti
švarinau, švarinti
švarinai, švarinti
švarino, švarinti
švarinome, švarinti
švarinote, švarinti
švarindavau, švarinti
švarindavai, švarinti
švarindavo, švarinti
švarindavome, švarinti
švarindavote, švarinti
švarinsiu, švarinti
švarinsi, švarinti
švarins, švarinti
švarinsime, švarinti
švarinsite, švarinti
švarinčiau, švarinti
švarintum(ei), švarinti
švarintų, švarinti
švarintu(mė)me, švarinti
švarintu(mė)te, švarinti
svarstyti, svarstyti
svarstau, svarstyti
svarstai, svarstyti
svarsto, svarstyti
svarstome, svarstyti
svarstote, svarstyti
svarstyk, svarstyti
svarstykite, svarstyti
svarstykime, svarstyti
svarstei, svarstyti
svarstė, svarstyti
svarstėme, svarstyti
svarstėte, svarstyti
svarstydavau, svarstyti
svarstydavai, svarstyti
svarstydavo, svarstyti
svarstydavome, svarstyti
svarstydavote, svarstyti
svarstysiu, svarstyti
svarstysi, svarstyti
svarstys, svarstyti
svarstysime, svarstyti
svarstysite, svarstyti
svarstyčiau, svarstyti
svarstytum(ei), svarstyti
svarstytų, svarstyti
svarstytu(mė)me, svarstyti
svarstytu(mė)te, svarstyti
sveikinti, sveikinti
sveikinu, sveikinti
sveikini, sveikinti
sveikina, sveikinti
sveikiname, sveikinti
sveikinate, sveikinti
sveikink, sveikinti
sveikinkite, sveikinti
sveikinkime, sveikinti
sveikinau, sveikinti
sveikinai, sveikinti
sveikino, sveikinti
sveikinome, sveikinti
sveikinote, sveikinti
sveikindavau, sveikinti
sveikindavai, sveikinti
sveikindavo, sveikinti
sveikindavome, sveikinti
sveikindavote, sveikinti
sveikinsiu, sveikinti
sveikinsi, sveikinti
sveikins, sveikinti
sveikinsime, sveikinti
sveikinsite, sveikinti
sveikinčiau, sveikinti
sveikintum(ei), sveikinti
sveikintų, sveikinti
sveikintu(mė)me, sveikinti
sveikintu(mė)te, sveikinti
sveikti, sveikti
sveikstu, sveikti
sveiksti, sveikti
sveiksta, sveikti
sveikstame, sveikti
sveikstate, sveikti
sveik, sveikti
sveikite, sveikti
sveikime, sveikti
sveikau, sveikti
sveikai, sveikti
sveiko, sveikti
sveikome, sveikti
sveikote, sveikti
sveikdavau, sveikti
sveikdavai, sveikti
sveikdavo, sveikti
sveikdavome, sveikti
sveikdavote, sveikti
sveiksiu, sveikti
sveiksi, sveikti
sveiks, sveikti
sveiksime, sveikti
sveiksite, sveikti
sveikčiau, sveikti
sveiktum(ei), sveikti
sveiktų, sveikti
sveiktu(mė)me, sveikti
sveiktu(mė)te, sveikti
šveisti, šveisti
šveičiu, šveisti
šveiči, šveisti
šveičia, šveisti
šveičiame, šveisti
šveičiate, šveisti
šveisk, šveisti
šveiskite, šveisti
šveiskime, šveisti
šveitei, šveisti
šveitė, šveisti
šveitėme, šveisti
šveitėte, šveisti
šveisdavau, šveisti
šveisdavai, šveisti
šveisdavo, šveisti
šveisdavome, šveisti
šveisdavote, šveisti
šveisiu, šveisti
šveisi, šveisti
šveis, šveisti
šveisime, šveisti
šveisite, šveisti
šveisčiau, šveisti
šveistum(ei), šveisti
šveistų, šveisti
šveistu(mė)me, šveisti
šveistu(mė)te, šveisti
švelninti, švelninti
švelninu, švelninti
švelnini, švelninti
švelnina, švelninti
švelniname, švelninti
švelninate, švelninti
švelnink, švelninti
švelninkite, švelninti
švelninkime, švelninti
švelninau, švelninti
švelninai, švelninti
švelnino, švelninti
švelninome, švelninti
švelninote, švelninti
švelnindavau, švelninti
švelnindavai, švelninti
švelnindavo, švelninti
švelnindavome, švelninti
švelnindavote, švelninti
švelninsiu, švelninti
švelninsi, švelninti
švelnins, švelninti
švelninsime, švelninti
švelninsite, švelninti
švelninčiau, švelninti
švelnintum(ei), švelninti
švelnintų, švelninti
švelnintu(mė)me, švelninti
švelnintu(mė)te, švelninti
šventinti, šventinti
šventinu, šventinti
šventini, šventinti
šventina, šventinti
šventiname, šventinti
šventinate, šventinti
šventink, šventinti
šventinkite, šventinti
šventinkime, šventinti
šventinau, šventinti
šventinai, šventinti
šventino, šventinti
šventinome, šventinti
šventinote, šventinti
šventindavau, šventinti
šventindavai, šventinti
šventindavo, šventinti
šventindavome, šventinti
šventindavote, šventinti
šventinsiu, šventinti
šventinsi, šventinti
šventins, šventinti
šventinsime, šventinti
šventinsite, šventinti
šventinčiau, šventinti
šventintum(ei), šventinti
šventintų, šventinti
šventintu(mė)me, šventinti
šventintu(mė)te, šventinti
sverti, sverti
sveriu, sverti
sveri, sverti
sveria, sverti
sveriame, sverti
sveriate, sverti
sverk, sverti
sverkite, sverti
sverkime, sverti
svėriau, sverti
svėrei, sverti
svėrė, sverti
svėrėme, sverti
svėrėte, sverti
sverdavau, sverti
sverdavai, sverti
sverdavo, sverti
sverdavome, sverti
sverdavote, sverti
sversiu, sverti
sversi, sverti
svers, sverti
sversime, sverti
sversite, sverti
sverčiau, sverti
svertum(ei), sverti
svertų, sverti
svertu(mė)me, sverti
svertu(mė)te, sverti
švesti, švesti
švenčiu, švesti
švenči, švesti
švenčia, švesti
švenčiame, švesti
švenčiate, švesti
švesk, švesti
šveskite, švesti
šveskime, švesti
šventei, švesti
šventė, švesti
šventėme, švesti
šventėte, švesti
švesdavau, švesti
švesdavai, švesti
švesdavo, švesti
švesdavome, švesti
švesdavote, švesti
švesiu, švesti
švesi, švesti
šves, švesti
švesime, švesti
švesite, švesti
švesčiau, švesti
švestum(ei), švesti
švestų, švesti
švestu(mė)me, švesti
švestu(mė)te, švesti
švęsti, švęsti
švenčiu, švęsti
švenči, švęsti
švenčia, švęsti
švenčiame, švęsti
švenčiate, švęsti
švęsk, švęsti
švęskite, švęsti
švęskime, švęsti
šventei, švęsti
šventė, švęsti
šventėme, švęsti
šventėte, švęsti
švęsdavau, švęsti
švęsdavai, švęsti
švęsdavo, švęsti
švęsdavome, švęsti
švęsdavote, švęsti
švęsiu, švęsti
švęsi, švęsti
švęs, švęsti
švęsime, švęsti
švęsite, švęsti
švęsčiau, švęsti
švęstum(ei), švęsti
švęstų, švęsti
švęstu(mė)me, švęsti
švęstu(mė)te, švęsti
šviesėti, šviesėti
šviesėju, šviesėti
šviesėji, šviesėti
šviesėja, šviesėti
šviesėjame, šviesėti
šviesėjate, šviesėti
šviesėk, šviesėti
šviesėkite, šviesėti
šviesėkime, šviesėti
šviesėjau, šviesėti
šviesėjai, šviesėti
šviesėjo, šviesėti
šviesėjome, šviesėti
šviesėjote, šviesėti
šviesėdavau, šviesėti
šviesėdavai, šviesėti
šviesėdavo, šviesėti
šviesėdavome, šviesėti
šviesėdavote, šviesėti
šviesėsiu, šviesėti
šviesėsi, šviesėti
šviesės, šviesėti
šviesėsime, šviesėti
šviesėsite, šviesėti
šviesėčiau, šviesėti
šviesėtum(ei), šviesėti
šviesėtų, šviesėti
šviesėtu(mė)me, šviesėti
šviesėtu(mė)te, šviesėti
šviesinti, šviesinti
šviesinu, šviesinti
šviesini, šviesinti
šviesina, šviesinti
šviesiname, šviesinti
šviesinate, šviesinti
šviesink, šviesinti
šviesinkite, šviesinti
šviesinkime, šviesinti
šviesinau, šviesinti
šviesinai, šviesinti
šviesino, šviesinti
šviesinome, šviesinti
šviesinote, šviesinti
šviesindavau, šviesinti
šviesindavai, šviesinti
šviesindavo, šviesinti
šviesindavome, šviesinti
šviesindavote, šviesinti
šviesinsiu, šviesinti
šviesinsi, šviesinti
šviesins, šviesinti
šviesinsime, šviesinti
šviesinsite, šviesinti
šviesinčiau, šviesinti
šviesintum(ei), šviesinti
šviesintų, šviesinti
šviesintu(mė)me, šviesinti
šviesintu(mė)te, šviesinti
sviesti, sviesti
sviedžiu, sviesti
sviedži, sviesti
sviedžia, sviesti
sviedžiame, sviesti
sviedžiate, sviesti
sviesk, sviesti
svieskite, sviesti
svieskime, sviesti
sviedei, sviesti
sviedė, sviesti
sviedėme, sviesti
sviedėte, sviesti
sviesdavau, sviesti
sviesdavai, sviesti
sviesdavo, sviesti
sviesdavome, sviesti
sviesdavote, sviesti
sviesiu, sviesti
sviesi, sviesti
svies, sviesti
sviesime, sviesti
sviesite, sviesti
sviesčiau, sviesti
sviestum(ei), sviesti
sviestų, sviesti
sviestu(mė)me, sviesti
sviestu(mė)te, sviesti
šviesti, šviesti
šviesinu, šviesti
šviesini, šviesti
šviesina, šviesti
šviesiname, šviesti
šviesinate, šviesti
šviesk, šviesti
švieskite, šviesti
švieskime, šviesti
šviesinau, šviesti
šviesinai, šviesti
šviesino, šviesti
šviesinome, šviesti
šviesinote, šviesti
šviesdavau, šviesti
šviesdavai, šviesti
šviesdavo, šviesti
šviesdavome, šviesti
šviesdavote, šviesti
šviesiu, šviesti
šviesi, šviesti
švies, šviesti
šviesime, šviesti
šviesite, šviesti
šviesčiau, šviesti
šviestum(ei), šviesti
šviestų, šviesti
šviestu(mė)me, šviesti
šviestu(mė)te, šviesti
svilinti, svilinti
svilinu, svilinti
svilini, svilinti
svilina, svilinti
sviliname, svilinti
svilinate, svilinti
svilink, svilinti
svilinkite, svilinti
svilinkime, svilinti
svilinau, svilinti
svilinai, svilinti
svilino, svilinti
svilinome, svilinti
svilinote, svilinti
svilindavau, svilinti
svilindavai, svilinti
svilindavo, svilinti
svilindavome, svilinti
svilindavote, svilinti
svilinsiu, svilinti
svilinsi, svilinti
svilins, svilinti
svilinsime, svilinti
svilinsite, svilinti
svilinčiau, svilinti
svilintum(ei), svilinti
svilintų, svilinti
svilintu(mė)me, svilinti
svilintu(mė)te, svilinti
švilpauti, švilpauti
švilpauju, švilpauti
švilpauji, švilpauti
švilpauja, švilpauti
švilpaujame, švilpauti
švilpaujate, švilpauti
švilpauk, švilpauti
švilpaukite, švilpauti
švilpaukime, švilpauti
švilpavau, švilpauti
švilpavai, švilpauti
švilpavo, švilpauti
švilpavome, švilpauti
švilpavote, švilpauti
švilpaudavau, švilpauti
švilpaudavai, švilpauti
švilpaudavo, švilpauti
švilpaudavome, švilpauti
švilpaudavote, švilpauti
švilpausiu, švilpauti
švilpausi, švilpauti
švilpaus, švilpauti
švilpausime, švilpauti
švilpausite, švilpauti
švilpaučiau, švilpauti
švilpautum(ei), švilpauti
švilpautų, švilpauti
švilpautu(mė)me, švilpauti
švilpautu(mė)te, švilpauti
švilptelėti, švilptelėti
švilptelėju, švilptelėti
švilptelėji, švilptelėti
švilptelėja, švilptelėti
švilptelėjame, švilptelėti
švilptelėjate, švilptelėti
švilptelėk, švilptelėti
švilptelėkite, švilptelėti
švilptelėkime, švilptelėti
švilptelėjau, švilptelėti
švilptelėjai, švilptelėti
švilptelėjo, švilptelėti
švilptelėjome, švilptelėti
švilptelėjote, švilptelėti
švilptelėdavau, švilptelėti
švilptelėdavai, švilptelėti
švilptelėdavo, švilptelėti
švilptelėdavome, švilptelėti
švilptelėdavote, švilptelėti
švilptelėsiu, švilptelėti
švilptelėsi, švilptelėti
švilptelės, švilptelėti
švilptelėsime, švilptelėti
švilptelėsite, švilptelėti
švilptelėčiau, švilptelėti
švilptelėtum(ei), švilptelėti
švilptelėtų, švilptelėti
švilptelėtu(mė)me, švilptelėti
švilptelėtu(mė)te, švilptelėti
švilpti, švilpti
švilpiu, švilpti
švilpi, švilpti
švilpia, švilpti
švilpiame, švilpti
švilpiate, švilpti
švilpk, švilpti
švilpkite, švilpti
švilpkime, švilpti
švilpiau, švilpti
švilpei, švilpti
švilpė, švilpti
švilpėme, švilpti
švilpėte, švilpti
švilpdavau, švilpti
švilpdavai, švilpti
švilpdavo, švilpti
švilpdavome, švilpti
švilpdavote, švilpti
švilpsiu, švilpti
švilpsi, švilpti
švilps, švilpti
švilpsime, švilpti
švilpsite, švilpti
švilpčiau, švilpti
švilptum(ei), švilpti
švilptų, švilpti
švilptu(mė)me, švilpti
švilptu(mė)te, švilpti
svilti, svilti
svylu, svilti
svyli, svilti
svyla, svilti
svylame, svilti
svylate, svilti
svilk, svilti
svilkite, svilti
svilkime, svilti
svilau, svilti
svilai, svilti
svilo, svilti
svilome, svilti
svilote, svilti
svildavau, svilti
svildavai, svilti
svildavo, svilti
svildavome, svilti
svildavote, svilti
svilsiu, svilti
svilsi, svilti
svils, svilti
svilsime, svilti
svilsite, svilti
svilčiau, svilti
sviltum(ei), svilti
sviltų, svilti
sviltu(mė)me, svilti
sviltu(mė)te, svilti
svirti, svirti
svyru, svirti
svyri, svirti
svyra, svirti
svyrame, svirti
svyrate, svirti
svirk, svirti
svirkite, svirti
svirkime, svirti
svirau, svirti
svirai, svirti
sviro, svirti
svirome, svirti
svirote, svirti
svirdavau, svirti
svirdavai, svirti
svirdavo, svirti
svirdavome, svirti
svirdavote, svirti
svirsiu, svirti
svirsi, svirti
svirs, svirti
svirsime, svirti
svirsite, svirti
svirčiau, svirti
svirtum(ei), svirti
svirtų, svirti
svirtu(mė)me, svirti
svirtu(mė)te, svirti
švisti, švisti
švintu, švisti
švinti, švisti
švinta, švisti
švintame, švisti
švintate, švisti
švisk, švisti
šviskite, švisti
šviskime, švisti
švitau, švisti
švitai, švisti
švito, švisti
švitome, švisti
švitote, švisti
švisdavau, švisti
švisdavai, švisti
švisdavo, švisti
švisdavome, švisti
švisdavote, švisti
švisiu, švisti
švisi, švisti
švis, švisti
švisime, švisti
švisite, švisti
švisčiau, švisti
švistum(ei), švisti
švistų, švisti
švistu(mė)me, švisti
švistu(mė)te, švisti
švokšti, švokšti
švokščiu, švokšti
švokšči, švokšti
švokščia, švokšti
švokščiame, švokšti
švokščiate, švokšti
švokšk, švokšti
švokškite, švokšti
švokškime, švokšti
švokštei, švokšti
švokštė, švokšti
švokštėme, švokšti
švokštėte, švokšti
švokšdavau, švokšti
švokšdavai, švokšti
švokšdavo, švokšti
švokšdavome, švokšti
švokšdavote, švokšti
švokššiu, švokšti
švokšši, švokšti
švokšš, švokšti
švokššime, švokšti
švokššite, švokšti
švokščiau, švokšti
švokštum(ei), švokšti
švokštų, švokšti
švokštu(mė)me, švokšti
švokštu(mė)te, švokšti
svyruoti, svyruoti
svyruoju, svyruoti
svyruoji, svyruoti
svyruoja, svyruoti
svyruojame, svyruoti
svyruojate, svyruoti
svyruok, svyruoti
svyruokite, svyruoti
svyruokime, svyruoti
svyravau, svyruoti
svyravai, svyruoti
svyravo, svyruoti
svyravome, svyruoti
svyravote, svyruoti
svyruodavau, svyruoti
svyruodavai, svyruoti
svyruodavo, svyruoti
svyruodavome, svyruoti
svyruodavote, svyruoti
svyruosiu, svyruoti
svyruosi, svyruoti
svyruos, svyruoti
svyruosime, svyruoti
svyruosite, svyruoti
svyruočiau, svyruoti
svyruotum(ei), svyruoti
svyruotų, svyruoti
svyruotu(mė)me, svyruoti
svyruotu(mė)te, svyruoti
švytėti, švytėti
švytiu, švytėti
švyti, švytėti
švyti, švytėti
švytime, švytėti
švytite, švytėti
švytėk, švytėti
švytėkite, švytėti
švytėkime, švytėti
švytėjau, švytėti
švytėjai, švytėti
švytėjo, švytėti
švytėjome, švytėti
švytėjote, švytėti
švytėdavau, švytėti
švytėdavai, švytėti
švytėdavo, švytėti
švytėdavome, švytėti
švytėdavote, švytėti
švytėsiu, švytėti
švytėsi, švytėti
švytės, švytėti
švytėsime, švytėti
švytėsite, švytėti
švytėčiau, švytėti
švytėtum(ei), švytėti
švytėtų, švytėti
švytėtu(mė)me, švytėti
švytėtu(mė)te, švytėti
šykštėti, šykštėti
šykštiu, šykštėti
šykšti, šykštėti
šykšti, šykštėti
šykštime, šykštėti
šykštite, šykštėti
šykštėk, šykštėti
šykštėkite, šykštėti
šykštėkime, šykštėti
šykštėjau, šykštėti
šykštėjai, šykštėti
šykštėjo, šykštėti
šykštėjome, šykštėti
šykštėjote, šykštėti
šykštėdavau, šykštėti
šykštėdavai, šykštėti
šykštėdavo, šykštėti
šykštėdavome, šykštėti
šykštėdavote, šykštėti
šykštėsiu, šykštėti
šykštėsi, šykštėti
šykštės, šykštėti
šykštėsime, šykštėti
šykštėsite, šykštėti
šykštėčiau, šykštėti
šykštėtum(ei), šykštėti
šykštėtų, šykštėti
šykštėtu(mė)me, šykštėti
šykštėtu(mė)te, šykštėti
šyptelėti, šyptelėti
šyptelėju, šyptelėti
šyptelėji, šyptelėti
šyptelėja, šyptelėti
šyptelėjame, šyptelėti
šyptelėjate, šyptelėti
šyptelėk, šyptelėti
šyptelėkite, šyptelėti
šyptelėkime, šyptelėti
šyptelėjau, šyptelėti
šyptelėjai, šyptelėti
šyptelėjo, šyptelėti
šyptelėjome, šyptelėti
šyptelėjote, šyptelėti
šyptelėdavau, šyptelėti
šyptelėdavai, šyptelėti
šyptelėdavo, šyptelėti
šyptelėdavome, šyptelėti
šyptelėdavote, šyptelėti
šyptelėsiu, šyptelėti
šyptelėsi, šyptelėti
šyptelės, šyptelėti
šyptelėsime, šyptelėti
šyptelėsite, šyptelėti
šyptelėčiau, šyptelėti
šyptelėtum(ei), šyptelėti
šyptelėtų, šyptelėti
šyptelėtu(mė)me, šyptelėti
šyptelėtu(mė)te, šyptelėti
sysioti, sysioti
sysioju, sysioti
sysioji, sysioti
sysioja, sysioti
sysiojame, sysioti
sysiojate, sysioti
sysiok, sysioti
sysiokite, sysioti
sysiokime, sysioti
sysiojau, sysioti
sysiojai, sysioti
sysiojo, sysioti
sysiojome, sysioti
sysiojote, sysioti
sysiodavau, sysioti
sysiodavai, sysioti
sysiodavo, sysioti
sysiodavome, sysioti
sysiodavote, sysioti
sysiosiu, sysioti
sysiosi, sysioti
sysios, sysioti
sysiosime, sysioti
sysiosite, sysioti
sysiočiau, sysioti
sysiotum(ei), sysioti
sysiotų, sysioti
sysiotu(mė)me, sysioti
sysiotu(mė)te, sysioti
taikyti, taikyti
taikau, taikyti
taikai, taikyti
taiko, taikyti
taikome, taikyti
taikote, taikyti
taikyk, taikyti
taikykite, taikyti
taikykime, taikyti
taikiau, taikyti
taikei, taikyti
taikė, taikyti
taikėme, taikyti
taikėte, taikyti
taikydavau, taikyti
taikydavai, taikyti
taikydavo, taikyti
taikydavome, taikyti
taikydavote, taikyti
taikysiu, taikyti
taikysi, taikyti
taikys, taikyti
taikysime, taikyti
taikysite, taikyti
taikyčiau, taikyti
taikytum(ei), taikyti
taikytų, taikyti
taikytu(mė)me, taikyti
taikytu(mė)te, taikyti
taisyti, taisyti
taisau, taisyti
taisai, taisyti
taiso, taisyti
taisome, taisyti
taisote, taisyti
taisyk, taisyti
taisykite, taisyti
taisykime, taisyti
taisiau, taisyti
taisei, taisyti
taisė, taisyti
taisėme, taisyti
taisėte, taisyti
taisydavau, taisyti
taisydavai, taisyti
taisydavo, taisyti
taisydavome, taisyti
taisydavote, taisyti
taisysiu, taisyti
taisysi, taisyti
taisys, taisyti
taisysime, taisyti
taisysite, taisyti
taisyčiau, taisyti
taisytum(ei), taisyti
taisytų, taisyti
taisytu(mė)me, taisyti
taisytu(mė)te, taisyti
talpinti, talpinti
talpinu, talpinti
talpini, talpinti
talpina, talpinti
talpiname, talpinti
talpinate, talpinti
talpink, talpinti
talpinkite, talpinti
talpinkime, talpinti
talpinau, talpinti
talpinai, talpinti
talpino, talpinti
talpinome, talpinti
talpinote, talpinti
talpindavau, talpinti
talpindavai, talpinti
talpindavo, talpinti
talpindavome, talpinti
talpindavote, talpinti
talpinsiu, talpinti
talpinsi, talpinti
talpins, talpinti
talpinsime, talpinti
talpinsite, talpinti
talpinčiau, talpinti
talpintum(ei), talpinti
talpintų, talpinti
talpintu(mė)me, talpinti
talpintu(mė)te, talpinti
tampyti, tampyti
tampau, tampyti
tampai, tampyti
tampo, tampyti
tampome, tampyti
tampote, tampyti
tampyk, tampyti
tampykite, tampyti
tampykime, tampyti
tampiau, tampyti
tampei, tampyti
tampė, tampyti
tampėme, tampyti
tampėte, tampyti
tampydavau, tampyti
tampydavai, tampyti
tampydavo, tampyti
tampydavome, tampyti
tampydavote, tampyti
tampysiu, tampyti
tampysi, tampyti
tampys, tampyti
tampysime, tampyti
tampysite, tampyti
tampyčiau, tampyti
tampytum(ei), tampyti
tampytų, tampyti
tampytu(mė)me, tampyti
tampytu(mė)te, tampyti
tamsėti, tamsėti
tamsėju, tamsėti
tamsėji, tamsėti
tamsėja, tamsėti
tamsėjame, tamsėti
tamsėjate, tamsėti
tamsėk, tamsėti
tamsėkite, tamsėti
tamsėkime, tamsėti
tamsėjau, tamsėti
tamsėjai, tamsėti
tamsėjo, tamsėti
tamsėjome, tamsėti
tamsėjote, tamsėti
tamsėdavau, tamsėti
tamsėdavai, tamsėti
tamsėdavo, tamsėti
tamsėdavome, tamsėti
tamsėdavote, tamsėti
tamsėsiu, tamsėti
tamsėsi, tamsėti
tamsės, tamsėti
tamsėsime, tamsėti
tamsėsite, tamsėti
tamsėčiau, tamsėti
tamsėtum(ei), tamsėti
tamsėtų, tamsėti
tamsėtu(mė)me, tamsėti
tamsėtu(mė)te, tamsėti
tamsinti, tamsinti
tamsinu, tamsinti
tamsini, tamsinti
tamsina, tamsinti
tamsiname, tamsinti
tamsinate, tamsinti
tamsink, tamsinti
tamsinkite, tamsinti
tamsinkime, tamsinti
tamsinau, tamsinti
tamsinai, tamsinti
tamsino, tamsinti
tamsinome, tamsinti
tamsinote, tamsinti
tamsindavau, tamsinti
tamsindavai, tamsinti
tamsindavo, tamsinti
tamsindavome, tamsinti
tamsindavote, tamsinti
tamsinsiu, tamsinti
tamsinsi, tamsinti
tamsins, tamsinti
tamsinsime, tamsinti
tamsinsite, tamsinti
tamsinčiau, tamsinti
tamsintum(ei), tamsinti
tamsintų, tamsinti
tamsintu(mė)me, tamsinti
tamsintu(mė)te, tamsinti
tankinti, tankinti
tankinu, tankinti
tankini, tankinti
tankina, tankinti
tankiname, tankinti
tankinate, tankinti
tankink, tankinti
tankinkite, tankinti
tankinkime, tankinti
tankinau, tankinti
tankinai, tankinti
tankino, tankinti
tankinome, tankinti
tankinote, tankinti
tankindavau, tankinti
tankindavai, tankinti
tankindavo, tankinti
tankindavome, tankinti
tankindavote, tankinti
tankinsiu, tankinti
tankinsi, tankinti
tankins, tankinti
tankinsime, tankinti
tankinsite, tankinti
tankinčiau, tankinti
tankintum(ei), tankinti
tankintų, tankinti
tankintu(mė)me, tankinti
tankintu(mė)te, tankinti
tardyti, tardyti
tardžau, tardyti
tardai, tardyti
tardo, tardyti
tardome, tardyti
tardote, tardyti
tardyk, tardyti
tardykite, tardyti
tardykime, tardyti
tardei, tardyti
tardė, tardyti
tardėme, tardyti
tardėte, tardyti
tardydavau, tardyti
tardydavai, tardyti
tardydavo, tardyti
tardydavome, tardyti
tardydavote, tardyti
tardysiu, tardyti
tardysi, tardyti
tardys, tardyti
tardysime, tardyti
tardysite, tardyti
tardyčiau, tardyti
tardytum(ei), tardyti
tardytų, tardyti
tardytu(mė)me, tardyti
tardytu(mė)te, tardyti
tarkuoti, tarkuoti
tarkuoju, tarkuoti
tarkuoji, tarkuoti
tarkuoja, tarkuoti
tarkuojame, tarkuoti
tarkuojate, tarkuoti
tarkuok, tarkuoti
tarkuokite, tarkuoti
tarkuokime, tarkuoti
tarkavau, tarkuoti
tarkavai, tarkuoti
tarkavo, tarkuoti
tarkavome, tarkuoti
tarkavote, tarkuoti
tarkuodavau, tarkuoti
tarkuodavai, tarkuoti
tarkuodavo, tarkuoti
tarkuodavome, tarkuoti
tarkuodavote, tarkuoti
tarkuosiu, tarkuoti
tarkuosi, tarkuoti
tarkuos, tarkuoti
tarkuosime, tarkuoti
tarkuosite, tarkuoti
tarkuočiau, tarkuoti
tarkuotum(ei), tarkuoti
tarkuotų, tarkuoti
tarkuotu(mė)me, tarkuoti
tarkuotu(mė)te, tarkuoti
tarnauti, tarnauti
tarnauju, tarnauti
tarnauji, tarnauti
tarnauja, tarnauti
tarnaujame, tarnauti
tarnaujate, tarnauti
tarnauk, tarnauti
tarnaukite, tarnauti
tarnaukime, tarnauti
tarnavau, tarnauti
tarnavai, tarnauti
tarnavo, tarnauti
tarnavome, tarnauti
tarnavote, tarnauti
tarnaudavau, tarnauti
tarnaudavai, tarnauti
tarnaudavo, tarnauti
tarnaudavome, tarnauti
tarnaudavote, tarnauti
tarnausiu, tarnauti
tarnausi, tarnauti
tarnaus, tarnauti
tarnausime, tarnauti
tarnausite, tarnauti
tarnaučiau, tarnauti
tarnautum(ei), tarnauti
tarnautų, tarnauti
tarnautu(mė)me, tarnauti
tarnautu(mė)te, tarnauti
tarpininkauti, tarpininkauti
tarpininkauju, tarpininkauti
tarpininkauji, tarpininkauti
tarpininkauja, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaujame, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaujate, tarpininkauti
tarpininkauk, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaukite, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaukime, tarpininkauti
tarpininkavau, tarpininkauti
tarpininkavai, tarpininkauti
tarpininkavo, tarpininkauti
tarpininkavome, tarpininkauti
tarpininkavote, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaudavau, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaudavai, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaudavo, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaudavome, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaudavote, tarpininkauti
tarpininkausiu, tarpininkauti
tarpininkausi, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaus, tarpininkauti
tarpininkausime, tarpininkauti
tarpininkausite, tarpininkauti
tarpininkaučiau, tarpininkauti
tarpininkautum(ei), tarpininkauti
tarpininkautų, tarpininkauti
tarpininkautu(mė)me, tarpininkauti
tarpininkautu(mė)te, tarpininkauti
tarti, tarti
tariu, tarti
tari, tarti
taria, tarti
tariame, tarti
tariate, tarti
tark, tarti
tarkite, tarti
tarkime, tarti
tariau, tarti
tarei, tarti
tarė, tarti
tarėme, tarti
tarėte, tarti
tardavau, tarti
tardavai, tarti
tardavo, tarti
tardavome, tarti
tardavote, tarti
tarsiu, tarti
tarsi, tarti
tars, tarti
tarsime, tarti
tarsite, tarti
tarčiau, tarti
tartum(ei), tarti
tartų, tarti
tartu(mė)me, tarti
tartu(mė)te, tarti
taškyti, taškyti
taškau, taškyti
taškai, taškyti
taško, taškyti
taškome, taškyti
taškote, taškyti
taškyk, taškyti
taškykite, taškyti
taškykime, taškyti
taškiau, taškyti
taškei, taškyti
taškė, taškyti
taškėme, taškyti
taškėte, taškyti
taškydavau, taškyti
taškydavai, taškyti
taškydavo, taškyti
taškydavome, taškyti
taškydavote, taškyti
taškysiu, taškyti
taškysi, taškyti
taškys, taškyti
taškysime, taškyti
taškysite, taškyti
taškyčiau, taškyti
taškytum(ei), taškyti
taškytų, taškyti
taškytu(mė)me, taškyti
taškytu(mė)te, taškyti
tašyti, tašyti
tašau, tašyti
tašai, tašyti
tašo, tašyti
tašome, tašyti
tašote, tašyti
tašyk, tašyti
tašykite, tašyti
tašykime, tašyti
tašiau, tašyti
tašei, tašyti
tašė, tašyti
tašėme, tašyti
tašėte, tašyti
tašydavau, tašyti
tašydavai, tašyti
tašydavo, tašyti
tašydavome, tašyti
tašydavote, tašyti
tašysiu, tašyti
tašysi, tašyti
tašys, tašyti
tašysime, tašyti
tašysite, tašyti
tašyčiau, tašyti
tašytum(ei), tašyti
tašytų, tašyti
tašytu(mė)me, tašyti
tašytu(mė)te, tašyti
taukšti, taukšti
tauškiu, taukšti
tauški, taukšti
tauškia, taukšti
tauškiame, taukšti
tauškiate, taukšti
taukšk, taukšti
taukškite, taukšti
taukškime, taukšti
tauškiau, taukšti
tauškei, taukšti
tauškė, taukšti
tauškėme, taukšti
tauškėte, taukšti
taukšdavau, taukšti
taukšdavai, taukšti
taukšdavo, taukšti
taukšdavome, taukšti
taukšdavote, taukšti
taukššiu, taukšti
taukšši, taukšti
taukšš, taukšti
taukššime, taukšti
taukššite, taukšti
taukščiau, taukšti
taukštum(ei), taukšti
taukštų, taukšti
taukštu(mė)me, taukšti
taukštu(mė)te, taukšti
taupyti, taupyti
taupau, taupyti
taupai, taupyti
taupo, taupyti
taupome, taupyti
taupote, taupyti
taupyk, taupyti
taupykite, taupyti
taupykime, taupyti
taupiau, taupyti
taupei, taupyti
taupė, taupyti
taupėme, taupyti
taupėte, taupyti
taupydavau, taupyti
taupydavai, taupyti
taupydavo, taupyti
taupydavome, taupyti
taupydavote, taupyti
taupysiu, taupyti
taupysi, taupyti
taupys, taupyti
taupysime, taupyti
taupysite, taupyti
taupyčiau, taupyti
taupytum(ei), taupyti
taupytų, taupyti
taupytu(mė)me, taupyti
taupytu(mė)te, taupyti
tausoti, tausoti
tausoju, tausoti
tausoji, tausoti
tausoja, tausoti
tausojame, tausoti
tausojate, tausoti
tausok, tausoti
tausokite, tausoti
tausokime, tausoti
tausojau, tausoti
tausojai, tausoti
tausojo, tausoti
tausojome, tausoti
tausojote, tausoti
tausodavau, tausoti
tausodavai, tausoti
tausodavo, tausoti
tausodavome, tausoti
tausodavote, tausoti
tausosiu, tausoti
tausosi, tausoti
tausos, tausoti
tausosime, tausoti
tausosite, tausoti
tausočiau, tausoti
tausotum(ei), tausoti
tausotų, tausoti
tausotu(mė)me, tausoti
tausotu(mė)te, tausoti
tebebūti, tebebūti
tebebūnu, tebebūti
tebebūni, tebebūti
tebebūna, tebebūti
tebebūname, tebebūti
tebebūnate, tebebūti
tebebūk, tebebūti
tebebūkite, tebebūti
tebebūkime, tebebūti
tebebuvau, tebebūti
tebebuvai, tebebūti
tebebuvo, tebebūti
tebebuvome, tebebūti
tebebuvote, tebebūti
tebebūdavau, tebebūti
tebebūdavai, tebebūti
tebebūdavo, tebebūti
tebebūdavome, tebebūti
tebebūdavote, tebebūti
tebebūsiu, tebebūti
tebebūsi, tebebūti
tebebūs, tebebūti
tebebūsime, tebebūti
tebebūsite, tebebūti
tebebūčiau, tebebūti
tebebūtum(ei), tebebūti
tebebūtų, tebebūti
tebebūtu(mė)me, tebebūti
tebebūtu(mė)te, tebebūti
teigti, teigti
teigiu, teigti
teigi, teigti
teigia, teigti
teigiame, teigti
teigiate, teigti
teik, teigti
teikite, teigti
teikime, teigti
teigiau, teigti
teigei, teigti
teigė, teigti
teigėme, teigti
teigėte, teigti
teigdavau, teigti
teigdavai, teigti
teigdavo, teigti
teigdavome, teigti
teigdavote, teigti
teigsiu, teigti
teigsi, teigti
teigs, teigti
teigsime, teigti
teigsite, teigti
teigčiau, teigti
teigtum(ei), teigti
teigtų, teigti
teigtu(mė)me, teigti
teigtu(mė)te, teigti
teikti, teikti
teikiu, teikti
teiki, teikti
teikia, teikti
teikiame, teikti
teikiate, teikti
teik, teikti
teikite, teikti
teikime, teikti
teikiau, teikti
teikei, teikti
teikė, teikti
teikėme, teikti
teikėte, teikti
teikdavau, teikti
teikdavai, teikti
teikdavo, teikti
teikdavome, teikti
teikdavote, teikti
teiksiu, teikti
teiksi, teikti
teiks, teikti
teiksime, teikti
teiksite, teikti
teikčiau, teikti
teiktum(ei), teikti
teiktų, teikti
teiktu(mė)me, teikti
teiktu(mė)te, teikti
teisinti, teisinti
teisinu, teisinti
teisini, teisinti
teisina, teisinti
teisiname, teisinti
teisinate, teisinti
teisink, teisinti
teisinkite, teisinti
teisinkime, teisinti
teisinau, teisinti
teisinai, teisinti
teisino, teisinti
teisinome, teisinti
teisinote, teisinti
teisindavau, teisinti
teisindavai, teisinti
teisindavo, teisinti
teisindavome, teisinti
teisindavote, teisinti
teisinsiu, teisinti
teisinsi, teisinti
teisins, teisinti
teisinsime, teisinti
teisinsite, teisinti
teisinčiau, teisinti
teisintum(ei), teisinti
teisintų, teisinti
teisintu(mė)me, teisinti
teisintu(mė)te, teisinti
teisti, teisti
teisiu, teisti
teisi, teisti
teisia, teisti
teisiame, teisti
teisiate, teisti
teisk, teisti
teiskite, teisti
teiskime, teisti
teisiau, teisti
teisei, teisti
teisė, teisti
teisėme, teisti
teisėte, teisti
teisdavau, teisti
teisdavai, teisti
teisdavo, teisti
teisdavome, teisti
teisdavote, teisti
teisiu, teisti
teisi, teisti
teis, teisti
teisime, teisti
teisite, teisti
teisčiau, teisti
teistum(ei), teisti
teistų, teisti
teistu(mė)me, teisti
teistu(mė)te, teisti
tekėti, tekėti
teku, tekėti
teki, tekėti
teka, tekėti
tekame, tekėti
tekate, tekėti
tekėk, tekėti
tekėkite, tekėti
tekėkime, tekėti
tekėjau, tekėti
tekėjai, tekėti
tekėjo, tekėti
tekėjome, tekėti
tekėjote, tekėti
tekėdavau, tekėti
tekėdavai, tekėti
tekėdavo, tekėti
tekėdavome, tekėti
tekėdavote, tekėti
tekėsiu, tekėti
tekėsi, tekėti
tekės, tekėti
tekėsime, tekėti
tekėsite, tekėti
tekėčiau, tekėti
tekėtum(ei), tekėti
tekėtų, tekėti
tekėtu(mė)me, tekėti
tekėtu(mė)te, tekėti
tekinti, tekinti
tekinu, tekinti
tekini, tekinti
tekina, tekinti
tekiname, tekinti
tekinate, tekinti
tekink, tekinti
tekinkite, tekinti
tekinkime, tekinti
tekinau, tekinti
tekinai, tekinti
tekino, tekinti
tekinome, tekinti
tekinote, tekinti
tekindavau, tekinti
tekindavai, tekinti
tekindavo, tekinti
tekindavome, tekinti
tekindavote, tekinti
tekinsiu, tekinti
tekinsi, tekinti
tekins, tekinti
tekinsime, tekinti
tekinsite, tekinti
tekinčiau, tekinti
tekintum(ei), tekinti
tekintų, tekinti
tekintu(mė)me, tekinti
tekintu(mė)te, tekinti
tekti, tekti
tenku, tekti
tenki, tekti
tenka, tekti
tenkame, tekti
tenkate, tekti
tek, tekti
tekite, tekti
tekime, tekti
tekau, tekti
tekai, tekti
teko, tekti
tekome, tekti
tekote, tekti
tekdavau, tekti
tekdavai, tekti
tekdavo, tekti
tekdavome, tekti
tekdavote, tekti
teksiu, tekti
teksi, tekti
teks, tekti
teksime, tekti
teksite, tekti
tekčiau, tekti
tektum(ei), tekti
tektų, tekti
tektu(mė)me, tekti
tektu(mė)te, tekti
telkti, telkti
telkiu, telkti
telki, telkti
telkia, telkti
telkiame, telkti
telkiate, telkti
telk, telkti
telkite, telkti
telkime, telkti
telkiau, telkti
telkei, telkti
telkė, telkti
telkėme, telkti
telkėte, telkti
telkdavau, telkti
telkdavai, telkti
telkdavo, telkti
telkdavome, telkti
telkdavote, telkti
telksiu, telkti
telksi, telkti
telks, telkti
telksime, telkti
telksite, telkti
telkčiau, telkti
telktum(ei), telkti
telktų, telkti
telktu(mė)me, telkti
telktu(mė)te, telkti
temdyti, temdyti
temdžau, temdyti
temdai, temdyti
temdo, temdyti
temdome, temdyti
temdote, temdyti
temdyk, temdyti
temdykite, temdyti
temdykime, temdyti
temdei, temdyti
temdė, temdyti
temdėme, temdyti
temdėte, temdyti
temdydavau, temdyti
temdydavai, temdyti
temdydavo, temdyti
temdydavome, temdyti
temdydavote, temdyti
temdysiu, temdyti
temdysi, temdyti
temdys, temdyti
temdysime, temdyti
temdysite, temdyti
temdyčiau, temdyti
temdytum(ei), temdyti
temdytų, temdyti
temdytu(mė)me, temdyti
temdytu(mė)te, temdyti
tempti, tempti
tempiu, tempti
tempi, tempti
tempia, tempti
tempiame, tempti
tempiate, tempti
tempk, tempti
tempkite, tempti
tempkime, tempti
tempiau, tempti
tempei, tempti
tempė, tempti
tempėme, tempti
tempėte, tempti
tempdavau, tempti
tempdavai, tempti
tempdavo, tempti
tempdavome, tempti
tempdavote, tempti
tempsiu, tempti
tempsi, tempti
temps, tempti
tempsime, tempti
tempsite, tempti
tempčiau, tempti
temptum(ei), tempti
temptų, tempti
temptu(mė)me, tempti
temptu(mė)te, tempti
temti, temti
temstu, temti
temsti, temti
temsta, temti
temstame, temti
temstate, temti
temk, temti
temkite, temti
temkime, temti
temau, temti
temai, temti
temo, temti
temome, temti
temote, temti
temdavau, temti
temdavai, temti
temdavo, temti
temdavome, temti
temdavote, temti
temsiu, temti
temsi, temti
tems, temti
temsime, temti
temsite, temti
temčiau, temti
temtum(ei), temti
temtų, temti
temtu(mė)me, temti
temtu(mė)te, temti
tenkinti, tenkinti
tenkinu, tenkinti
tenkini, tenkinti
tenkina, tenkinti
tenkiname, tenkinti
tenkinate, tenkinti
tenkink, tenkinti
tenkinkite, tenkinti
tenkinkime, tenkinti
tenkinau, tenkinti
tenkinai, tenkinti
tenkino, tenkinti
tenkinome, tenkinti
tenkinote, tenkinti
tenkindavau, tenkinti
tenkindavai, tenkinti
tenkindavo, tenkinti
tenkindavome, tenkinti
tenkindavote, tenkinti
tenkinsiu, tenkinti
tenkinsi, tenkinti
tenkins, tenkinti
tenkinsime, tenkinti
tenkinsite, tenkinti
tenkinčiau, tenkinti
tenkintum(ei), tenkinti
tenkintų, tenkinti
tenkintu(mė)me, tenkinti
tenkintu(mė)te, tenkinti
tepti, tepti
tepu, tepti
tepi, tepti
tepa, tepti
tepame, tepti
tepate, tepti
tepk, tepti
tepkite, tepti
tepkime, tepti
tepiau, tepti
tepei, tepti
tepė, tepti
tepėme, tepti
tepėte, tepti
tepdavau, tepti
tepdavai, tepti
tepdavo, tepti
tepdavome, tepti
tepdavote, tepti
tepsiu, tepti
tepsi, tepti
teps, tepti
tepsime, tepti
tepsite, tepti
tepčiau, tepti
teptum(ei), tepti
teptų, tepti
teptu(mė)me, tepti
teptu(mė)te, tepti
teršti, teršti
teršiu, teršti
terši, teršti
teršia, teršti
teršiame, teršti
teršiate, teršti
teršk, teršti
terškite, teršti
terškime, teršti
teršiau, teršti
teršei, teršti
teršė, teršti
teršėme, teršti
teršėte, teršti
teršdavau, teršti
teršdavai, teršti
teršdavo, teršti
teršdavome, teršti
teršdavote, teršti
terššiu, teršti
teršši, teršti
teršš, teršti
terššime, teršti
terššite, teršti
terščiau, teršti
terštum(ei), teršti
terštų, teršti
terštu(mė)me, teršti
terštu(mė)te, teršti
tęšti, tęšti
tešiu, tęšti
teši, tęšti
tešia, tęšti
tešiame, tęšti
tešiate, tęšti
tęšk, tęšti
tęškite, tęšti
tęškime, tęšti
tėšiau, tęšti
tėšei, tęšti
tėšė, tęšti
tėšėme, tęšti
tėšėte, tęšti
tęšdavau, tęšti
tęšdavai, tęšti
tęšdavo, tęšti
tęšdavome, tęšti
tęšdavote, tęšti
tęššiu, tęšti
tęšši, tęšti
tęšš, tęšti
tęššime, tęšti
tęššite, tęšti
tęščiau, tęšti
tęštum(ei), tęšti
tęštų, tęšti
tęštu(mė)me, tęšti
tęštu(mė)te, tęšti
testuoti, testuoti
testuoju, testuoti
testuoji, testuoti
testuoja, testuoti
testuojame, testuoti
testuojate, testuoti
testuok, testuoti
testuokite, testuoti
testuokime, testuoti
testavau, testuoti
testavai, testuoti
testavo, testuoti
testavome, testuoti
testavote, testuoti
testuodavau, testuoti
testuodavai, testuoti
testuodavo, testuoti
testuodavome, testuoti
testuodavote, testuoti
testuosiu, testuoti
testuosi, testuoti
testuos, testuoti
testuosime, testuoti
testuosite, testuoti
testuočiau, testuoti
testuotum(ei), testuoti
testuotų, testuoti
testuotu(mė)me, testuoti
testuotu(mė)te, testuoti
težti, težti
tęžtu, težti
tęžti, težti
tęžta, težti
tęžtame, težti
tęžtate, težti
težk, težti
težkite, težti
težkime, težti
težau, težti
težai, težti
težo, težti
težome, težti
težote, težti
teždavau, težti
teždavai, težti
teždavo, težti
teždavome, težti
teždavote, težti
težšiu, težti
težši, težti
težš, težti
težšime, težti
težšite, težti
težčiau, težti
težtum(ei), težti
težtų, težti
težtu(mė)me, težti
težtu(mė)te, težti
tiekti, tiekti
tiekiu, tiekti
tieki, tiekti
tiekia, tiekti
tiekiame, tiekti
tiekiate, tiekti
tiek, tiekti
tiekite, tiekti
tiekime, tiekti
tiekiau, tiekti
tiekei, tiekti
tiekė, tiekti
tiekėme, tiekti
tiekėte, tiekti
tiekdavau, tiekti
tiekdavai, tiekti
tiekdavo, tiekti
tiekdavome, tiekti
tiekdavote, tiekti
tieksiu, tiekti
tieksi, tiekti
tieks, tiekti
tieksime, tiekti
tieksite, tiekti
tiekčiau, tiekti
tiektum(ei), tiekti
tiektų, tiekti
tiektu(mė)me, tiekti
tiektu(mė)te, tiekti
tiesti, tiesti
tiesiu, tiesti
tiesi, tiesti
tiesia, tiesti
tiesiame, tiesti
tiesiate, tiesti
tiesk, tiesti
tieskite, tiesti
tieskime, tiesti
tiesiau, tiesti
tiesei, tiesti
tiesė, tiesti
tiesėme, tiesti
tiesėte, tiesti
tiesdavau, tiesti
tiesdavai, tiesti
tiesdavo, tiesti
tiesdavome, tiesti
tiesdavote, tiesti
tiesiu, tiesti
tiesi, tiesti
ties, tiesti
tiesime, tiesti
tiesite, tiesti
tiesčiau, tiesti
tiestum(ei), tiesti
tiestų, tiesti
tiestu(mė)me, tiesti
tiestu(mė)te, tiesti
tikėti, tikėti
tikiu, tikėti
tiki, tikėti
tiki, tikėti
tikime, tikėti
tikite, tikėti
tikėk, tikėti
tikėkite, tikėti
tikėkime, tikėti
tikėjau, tikėti
tikėjai, tikėti
tikėjo, tikėti
tikėjome, tikėti
tikėjote, tikėti
tikėdavau, tikėti
tikėdavai, tikėti
tikėdavo, tikėti
tikėdavome, tikėti
tikėdavote, tikėti
tikėsiu, tikėti
tikėsi, tikėti
tikės, tikėti
tikėsime, tikėti
tikėsite, tikėti
tikėčiau, tikėti
tikėtum(ei), tikėti
tikėtų, tikėti
tikėtu(mė)me, tikėti
tikėtu(mė)te, tikėti
tikinti, tikinti
tikinu, tikinti
tikini, tikinti
tikina, tikinti
tikiname, tikinti
tikinate, tikinti
tikink, tikinti
tikinkite, tikinti
tikinkime, tikinti
tikinau, tikinti
tikinai, tikinti
tikino, tikinti
tikinome, tikinti
tikinote, tikinti
tikindavau, tikinti
tikindavai, tikinti
tikindavo, tikinti
tikindavome, tikinti
tikindavote, tikinti
tikinsiu, tikinti
tikinsi, tikinti
tikins, tikinti
tikinsime, tikinti
tikinsite, tikinti
tikinčiau, tikinti
tikintum(ei), tikinti
tikintų, tikinti
tikintu(mė)me, tikinti
tikintu(mė)te, tikinti
tikrėti, tikrėti
tikrėju, tikrėti
tikrėji, tikrėti
tikrėja, tikrėti
tikrėjame, tikrėti
tikrėjate, tikrėti
tikrėk, tikrėti
tikrėkite, tikrėti
tikrėkime, tikrėti
tikrėjau, tikrėti
tikrėjai, tikrėti
tikrėjo, tikrėti
tikrėjome, tikrėti
tikrėjote, tikrėti
tikrėdavau, tikrėti
tikrėdavai, tikrėti
tikrėdavo, tikrėti
tikrėdavome, tikrėti
tikrėdavote, tikrėti
tikrėsiu, tikrėti
tikrėsi, tikrėti
tikrės, tikrėti
tikrėsime, tikrėti
tikrėsite, tikrėti
tikrėčiau, tikrėti
tikrėtum(ei), tikrėti
tikrėtų, tikrėti
tikrėtu(mė)me, tikrėti
tikrėtu(mė)te, tikrėti
tikrinti, tikrinti
tikrinu, tikrinti
tikrini, tikrinti
tikrina, tikrinti
tikriname, tikrinti
tikrinate, tikrinti
tikrink, tikrinti
tikrinkite, tikrinti
tikrinkime, tikrinti
tikrinau, tikrinti
tikrinai, tikrinti
tikrino, tikrinti
tikrinome, tikrinti
tikrinote, tikrinti
tikrindavau, tikrinti
tikrindavai, tikrinti
tikrindavo, tikrinti
tikrindavome, tikrinti
tikrindavote, tikrinti
tikrinsiu, tikrinti
tikrinsi, tikrinti
tikrins, tikrinti
tikrinsime, tikrinti
tikrinsite, tikrinti
tikrinčiau, tikrinti
tikrintum(ei), tikrinti
tikrintų, tikrinti
tikrintu(mė)me, tikrinti
tikrintu(mė)te, tikrinti
tiksėti, tiksėti
tiksiu, tiksėti
tiksi, tiksėti
tiksi, tiksėti
tiksime, tiksėti
tiksite, tiksėti
tiksėk, tiksėti
tiksėkite, tiksėti
tiksėkime, tiksėti
tiksėjau, tiksėti
tiksėjai, tiksėti
tiksėjo, tiksėti
tiksėjome, tiksėti
tiksėjote, tiksėti
tiksėdavau, tiksėti
tiksėdavai, tiksėti
tiksėdavo, tiksėti
tiksėdavome, tiksėti
tiksėdavote, tiksėti
tiksėsiu, tiksėti
tiksėsi, tiksėti
tiksės, tiksėti
tiksėsime, tiksėti
tiksėsite, tiksėti
tiksėčiau, tiksėti
tiksėtum(ei), tiksėti
tiksėtų, tiksėti
tiksėtu(mė)me, tiksėti
tiksėtu(mė)te, tiksėti
tikšti, tikšti
tyšku, tikšti
tyški, tikšti
tyška, tikšti
tyškame, tikšti
tyškate, tikšti
tikšk, tikšti
tikškite, tikšti
tikškime, tikšti
tiškau, tikšti
tiškai, tikšti
tiško, tikšti
tiškome, tikšti
tiškote, tikšti
tikšdavau, tikšti
tikšdavai, tikšti
tikšdavo, tikšti
tikšdavome, tikšti
tikšdavote, tikšti
tikššiu, tikšti
tikšši, tikšti
tikšš, tikšti
tikššime, tikšti
tikššite, tikšti
tikščiau, tikšti
tikštum(ei), tikšti
tikštų, tikšti
tikštu(mė)me, tikšti
tikštu(mė)te, tikšti
tikti, tikti
tinku, tikti
tinki, tikti
tinka, tikti
tinkame, tikti
tinkate, tikti
tik, tikti
tikite, tikti
tikime, tikti
tikau, tikti
tikai, tikti
tiko, tikti
tikome, tikti
tikote, tikti
tikdavau, tikti
tikdavai, tikti
tikdavo, tikti
tikdavome, tikti
tikdavote, tikti
tiksiu, tikti
tiksi, tikti
tiks, tikti
tiksime, tikti
tiksite, tikti
tikčiau, tikti
tiktum(ei), tikti
tiktų, tikti
tiktu(mė)me, tikti
tiktu(mė)te, tikti
tildyti, tildyti
tildžau, tildyti
tildai, tildyti
tildo, tildyti
tildome, tildyti
tildote, tildyti
tildyk, tildyti
tildykite, tildyti
tildykime, tildyti
tildei, tildyti
tildė, tildyti
tildėme, tildyti
tildėte, tildyti
tildydavau, tildyti
tildydavai, tildyti
tildydavo, tildyti
tildydavome, tildyti
tildydavote, tildyti
tildysiu, tildyti
tildysi, tildyti
tildys, tildyti
tildysime, tildyti
tildysite, tildyti
tildyčiau, tildyti
tildytum(ei), tildyti
tildytų, tildyti
tildytu(mė)me, tildyti
tildytu(mė)te, tildyti
tilpti, tilpti
telpu, tilpti
telpi, tilpti
telpa, tilpti
telpame, tilpti
telpate, tilpti
tilpk, tilpti
tilpkite, tilpti
tilpkime, tilpti
tilpau, tilpti
tilpai, tilpti
tilpo, tilpti
tilpome, tilpti
tilpote, tilpti
tilpdavau, tilpti
tilpdavai, tilpti
tilpdavo, tilpti
tilpdavome, tilpti
tilpdavote, tilpti
tilpsiu, tilpti
tilpsi, tilpti
tilps, tilpti
tilpsime, tilpti
tilpsite, tilpti
tilpčiau, tilpti
tilptum(ei), tilpti
tilptų, tilpti
tilptu(mė)me, tilpti
tilptu(mė)te, tilpti
tilti, tilti
tilstu, tilti
tilsti, tilti
tilsta, tilti
tilstame, tilti
tilstate, tilti
tilk, tilti
tilkite, tilti
tilkime, tilti
tilau, tilti
tilai, tilti
tilo, tilti
tilome, tilti
tilote, tilti
tildavau, tilti
tildavai, tilti
tildavo, tilti
tildavome, tilti
tildavote, tilti
tilsiu, tilti
tilsi, tilti
tils, tilti
tilsime, tilti
tilsite, tilti
tilčiau, tilti
tiltum(ei), tilti
tiltų, tilti
tiltu(mė)me, tilti
tiltu(mė)te, tilti
timptelėti, timptelėti
timptelėju, timptelėti
timptelėji, timptelėti
timptelėja, timptelėti
timptelėjame, timptelėti
timptelėjate, timptelėti
timptelėk, timptelėti
timptelėkite, timptelėti
timptelėkime, timptelėti
timptelėjau, timptelėti
timptelėjai, timptelėti
timptelėjo, timptelėti
timptelėjome, timptelėti
timptelėjote, timptelėti
timptelėdavau, timptelėti
timptelėdavai, timptelėti
timptelėdavo, timptelėti
timptelėdavome, timptelėti
timptelėdavote, timptelėti
timptelėsiu, timptelėti
timptelėsi, timptelėti
timptelės, timptelėti
timptelėsime, timptelėti
timptelėsite, timptelėti
timptelėčiau, timptelėti
timptelėtum(ei), timptelėti
timptelėtų, timptelėti
timptelėtu(mė)me, timptelėti
timptelėtu(mė)te, timptelėti
tingėti, tingėti
tingiu, tingėti
tingi, tingėti
tingi, tingėti
tingime, tingėti
tingite, tingėti
tingėk, tingėti
tingėkite, tingėti
tingėkime, tingėti
tingėjau, tingėti
tingėjai, tingėti
tingėjo, tingėti
tingėjome, tingėti
tingėjote, tingėti
tingėdavau, tingėti
tingėdavai, tingėti
tingėdavo, tingėti
tingėdavome, tingėti
tingėdavote, tingėti
tingėsiu, tingėti
tingėsi, tingėti
tingės, tingėti
tingėsime, tingėti
tingėsite, tingėti
tingėčiau, tingėti
tingėtum(ei), tingėti
tingėtų, tingėti
tingėtu(mė)me, tingėti
tingėtu(mė)te, tingėti
tinginiauti, tinginiauti
tinginiauju, tinginiauti
tinginiauji, tinginiauti
tinginiauja, tinginiauti
tinginiaujame, tinginiauti
tinginiaujate, tinginiauti
tinginiauk, tinginiauti
tinginiaukite, tinginiauti
tinginiaukime, tinginiauti
tinginiavau, tinginiauti
tinginiavai, tinginiauti
tinginiavo, tinginiauti
tinginiavome, tinginiauti
tinginiavote, tinginiauti
tinginiaudavau, tinginiauti
tinginiaudavai, tinginiauti
tinginiaudavo, tinginiauti
tinginiaudavome, tinginiauti
tinginiaudavote, tinginiauti
tinginiausiu, tinginiauti
tinginiausi, tinginiauti
tinginiaus, tinginiauti
tinginiausime, tinginiauti
tinginiausite, tinginiauti
tinginiaučiau, tinginiauti
tinginiautum(ei), tinginiauti
tinginiautų, tinginiauti
tinginiautu(mė)me, tinginiauti
tinginiautu(mė)te, tinginiauti
tingti, tingti
tingstu, tingti
tingsti, tingti
tingsta, tingti
tingstame, tingti
tingstate, tingti
tink, tingti
tinkite, tingti
tinkime, tingti
tingau, tingti
tingai, tingti
tingo, tingti
tingome, tingti
tingote, tingti
tingdavau, tingti
tingdavai, tingti
tingdavo, tingti
tingdavome, tingti
tingdavote, tingti
tingsiu, tingti
tingsi, tingti
tings, tingti
tingsime, tingti
tingsite, tingti
tingčiau, tingti
tingtum(ei), tingti
tingtų, tingti
tingtu(mė)me, tingti
tingtu(mė)te, tingti
tinti, tinti
tinstu, tinti
tinsti, tinti
tinsta, tinti
tinstame, tinti
tinstate, tinti
tink, tinti
tinkite, tinti
tinkime, tinti
tinau, tinti
tinai, tinti
tino, tinti
tinome, tinti
tinote, tinti
tindavau, tinti
tindavai, tinti
tindavo, tinti
tindavome, tinti
tindavote, tinti
tinsiu, tinti
tinsi, tinti
tins, tinti
tinsime, tinti
tinsite, tinti
tinčiau, tinti
tintum(ei), tinti
tintų, tinti
tintu(mė)me, tinti
tintu(mė)te, tinti
tirpdyti, tirpdyti
tirpdžau, tirpdyti
tirpdai, tirpdyti
tirpdo, tirpdyti
tirpdome, tirpdyti
tirpdote, tirpdyti
tirpdyk, tirpdyti
tirpdykite, tirpdyti
tirpdykime, tirpdyti
tirpdei, tirpdyti
tirpdė, tirpdyti
tirpdėme, tirpdyti
tirpdėte, tirpdyti
tirpdydavau, tirpdyti
tirpdydavai, tirpdyti
tirpdydavo, tirpdyti
tirpdydavome, tirpdyti
tirpdydavote, tirpdyti
tirpdysiu, tirpdyti
tirpdysi, tirpdyti
tirpdys, tirpdyti
tirpdysime, tirpdyti
tirpdysite, tirpdyti
tirpdyčiau, tirpdyti
tirpdytum(ei), tirpdyti
tirpdytų, tirpdyti
tirpdytu(mė)me, tirpdyti
tirpdytu(mė)te, tirpdyti
tirpti, tirpti
tirpstu, tirpti
tirpsti, tirpti
tirpsta, tirpti
tirpstame, tirpti
tirpstate, tirpti
tirpk, tirpti
tirpkite, tirpti
tirpkime, tirpti
tirpau, tirpti
tirpai, tirpti
tirpo, tirpti
tirpome, tirpti
tirpote, tirpti
tirpdavau, tirpti
tirpdavai, tirpti
tirpdavo, tirpti
tirpdavome, tirpti
tirpdavote, tirpti
tirpsiu, tirpti
tirpsi, tirpti
tirps, tirpti
tirpsime, tirpti
tirpsite, tirpti
tirpčiau, tirpti
tirptum(ei), tirpti
tirptų, tirpti
tirptu(mė)me, tirpti
tirptu(mė)te, tirpti
tirti, tirti
tiriu, tirti
tiri, tirti
tiria, tirti
tiriame, tirti
tiriate, tirti
tirk, tirti
tirkite, tirti
tirkime, tirti
tyriau, tirti
tyrei, tirti
tyrė, tirti
tyrėme, tirti
tyrėte, tirti
tirdavau, tirti
tirdavai, tirti
tirdavo, tirti
tirdavome, tirti
tirdavote, tirti
tirsiu, tirti
tirsi, tirti
tirs, tirti
tirsime, tirti
tirsite, tirti
tirčiau, tirti
tirtum(ei), tirti
tirtų, tirti
tirtu(mė)me, tirti
tirtu(mė)te, tirti
tižti, tižti
tyžtu, tižti
tyžti, tižti
tyžta, tižti
tyžtame, tižti
tyžtate, tižti
tižk, tižti
tižkite, tižti
tižkime, tižti
tižau, tižti
tižai, tižti
tižo, tižti
tižome, tižti
tižote, tižti
tiždavau, tižti
tiždavai, tižti
tiždavo, tižti
tiždavome, tižti
tiždavote, tižti
tižšiu, tižti
tižši, tižti
tižš, tižti
tižšime, tižti
tižšite, tižti
tižčiau, tižti
tižtum(ei), tižti
tižtų, tižti
tižtu(mė)me, tižti
tižtu(mė)te, tižti
tobulėti, tobulėti
tobulėju, tobulėti
tobulėji, tobulėti
tobulėja, tobulėti
tobulėjame, tobulėti
tobulėjate, tobulėti
tobulėk, tobulėti
tobulėkite, tobulėti
tobulėkime, tobulėti
tobulėjau, tobulėti
tobulėjai, tobulėti
tobulėjo, tobulėti
tobulėjome, tobulėti
tobulėjote, tobulėti
tobulėdavau, tobulėti
tobulėdavai, tobulėti
tobulėdavo, tobulėti
tobulėdavome, tobulėti
tobulėdavote, tobulėti
tobulėsiu, tobulėti
tobulėsi, tobulėti
tobulės, tobulėti
tobulėsime, tobulėti
tobulėsite, tobulėti
tobulėčiau, tobulėti
tobulėtum(ei), tobulėti
tobulėtų, tobulėti
tobulėtu(mė)me, tobulėti
tobulėtu(mė)te, tobulėti
tobulinti, tobulinti
tobulinu, tobulinti
tobulini, tobulinti
tobulina, tobulinti
tobuliname, tobulinti
tobulinate, tobulinti
tobulink, tobulinti
tobulinkite, tobulinti
tobulinkime, tobulinti
tobulinau, tobulinti
tobulinai, tobulinti
tobulino, tobulinti
tobulinome, tobulinti
tobulinote, tobulinti
tobulindavau, tobulinti
tobulindavai, tobulinti
tobulindavo, tobulinti
tobulindavome, tobulinti
tobulindavote, tobulinti
tobulinsiu, tobulinti
tobulinsi, tobulinti
tobulins, tobulinti
tobulinsime, tobulinti
tobulinsite, tobulinti
tobulinčiau, tobulinti
tobulintum(ei), tobulinti
tobulintų, tobulinti
tobulintu(mė)me, tobulinti
tobulintu(mė)te, tobulinti
tolti, tolti
tolstu, tolti
tolsti, tolti
tolsta, tolti
tolstame, tolti
tolstate, tolti
tolk, tolti
tolkite, tolti
tolkime, tolti
tolau, tolti
tolai, tolti
tolo, tolti
tolome, tolti
tolote, tolti
toldavau, tolti
toldavai, tolti
toldavo, tolti
toldavome, tolti
toldavote, tolti
tolsiu, tolti
tolsi, tolti
tols, tolti
tolsime, tolti
tolsite, tolti
tolčiau, tolti
toltum(ei), tolti
toltų, tolti
toltu(mė)me, tolti
toltu(mė)te, tolti
traiškyti, traiškyti
traiškau, traiškyti
traiškai, traiškyti
traiško, traiškyti
traiškome, traiškyti
traiškote, traiškyti
traiškyk, traiškyti
traiškykite, traiškyti
traiškykime, traiškyti
traiškiau, traiškyti
traiškei, traiškyti
traiškė, traiškyti
traiškėme, traiškyti
traiškėte, traiškyti
traiškydavau, traiškyti
traiškydavai, traiškyti
traiškydavo, traiškyti
traiškydavome, traiškyti
traiškydavote, traiškyti
traiškysiu, traiškyti
traiškysi, traiškyti
traiškys, traiškyti
traiškysime, traiškyti
traiškysite, traiškyti
traiškyčiau, traiškyti
traiškytum(ei), traiškyti
traiškytų, traiškyti
traiškytu(mė)me, traiškyti
traiškytu(mė)te, traiškyti
trakštelėti, trakštelėti
trakštelėju, trakštelėti
trakštelėji, trakštelėti
trakštelėja, trakštelėti
trakštelėjame, trakštelėti
trakštelėjate, trakštelėti
trakštelėk, trakštelėti
trakštelėkite, trakštelėti
trakštelėkime, trakštelėti
trakštelėjau, trakštelėti
trakštelėjai, trakštelėti
trakštelėjo, trakštelėti
trakštelėjome, trakštelėti
trakštelėjote, trakštelėti
trakštelėdavau, trakštelėti
trakštelėdavai, trakštelėti
trakštelėdavo, trakštelėti
trakštelėdavome, trakštelėti
trakštelėdavote, trakštelėti
trakštelėsiu, trakštelėti
trakštelėsi, trakštelėti
trakštelės, trakštelėti
trakštelėsime, trakštelėti
trakštelėsite, trakštelėti
trakštelėčiau, trakštelėti
trakštelėtum(ei), trakštelėti
trakštelėtų, trakštelėti
trakštelėtu(mė)me, trakštelėti
trakštelėtu(mė)te, trakštelėti
traktuoti, traktuoti
traktuoju, traktuoti
traktuoji, traktuoti
traktuoja, traktuoti
traktuojame, traktuoti
traktuojate, traktuoti
traktuok, traktuoti
traktuokite, traktuoti
traktuokime, traktuoti
traktavau, traktuoti
traktavai, traktuoti
traktavo, traktuoti
traktavome, traktuoti
traktavote, traktuoti
traktuodavau, traktuoti
traktuodavai, traktuoti
traktuodavo, traktuoti
traktuodavome, traktuoti
traktuodavote, traktuoti
traktuosiu, traktuoti
traktuosi, traktuoti
traktuos, traktuoti
traktuosime, traktuoti
traktuosite, traktuoti
traktuočiau, traktuoti
traktuotum(ei), traktuoti
traktuotų, traktuoti
traktuotu(mė)me, traktuoti
traktuotu(mė)te, traktuoti
tramdyti, tramdyti
tramdžau, tramdyti
tramdai, tramdyti
tramdo, tramdyti
tramdome, tramdyti
tramdote, tramdyti
tramdyk, tramdyti
tramdykite, tramdyti
tramdykime, tramdyti
tramdei, tramdyti
tramdė, tramdyti
tramdėme, tramdyti
tramdėte, tramdyti
tramdydavau, tramdyti
tramdydavai, tramdyti
tramdydavo, tramdyti
tramdydavome, tramdyti
tramdydavote, tramdyti
tramdysiu, tramdyti
tramdysi, tramdyti
tramdys, tramdyti
tramdysime, tramdyti
tramdysite, tramdyti
tramdyčiau, tramdyti
tramdytum(ei), tramdyti
tramdytų, tramdyti
tramdytu(mė)me, tramdyti
tramdytu(mė)te, tramdyti
trankyti, trankyti
trankau, trankyti
trankai, trankyti
tranko, trankyti
trankome, trankyti
trankote, trankyti
trankyk, trankyti
trankykite, trankyti
trankykime, trankyti
trankiau, trankyti
trankei, trankyti
trankė, trankyti
trankėme, trankyti
trankėte, trankyti
trankydavau, trankyti
trankydavai, trankyti
trankydavo, trankyti
trankydavome, trankyti
trankydavote, trankyti
trankysiu, trankyti
trankysi, trankyti
trankys, trankyti
trankysime, trankyti
trankysite, trankyti
trankyčiau, trankyti
trankytum(ei), trankyti
trankytų, trankyti
trankytu(mė)me, trankyti
trankytu(mė)te, trankyti
transliuoti, transliuoti
transliuoju, transliuoti
transliuoji, transliuoti
transliuoja, transliuoti
transliuojame, transliuoti
transliuojate, transliuoti
transliuok, transliuoti
transliuokite, transliuoti
transliuokime, transliuoti
transliavau, transliuoti
transliavai, transliuoti
transliavo, transliuoti
transliavome, transliuoti
transliavote, transliuoti
transliuodavau, transliuoti
transliuodavai, transliuoti
transliuodavo, transliuoti
transliuodavome, transliuoti
transliuodavote, transliuoti
transliuosiu, transliuoti
transliuosi, transliuoti
transliuos, transliuoti
transliuosime, transliuoti
transliuosite, transliuoti
transliuočiau, transliuoti
transliuotum(ei), transliuoti
transliuotų, transliuoti
transliuotu(mė)me, transliuoti
transliuotu(mė)te, transliuoti
transportuoti, transportuoti
transportuoju, transportuoti
transportuoji, transportuoti
transportuoja, transportuoti
transportuojame, transportuoti
transportuojate, transportuoti
transportuok, transportuoti
transportuokite, transportuoti
transportuokime, transportuoti
transportavau, transportuoti
transportavai, transportuoti
transportavo, transportuoti
transportavome, transportuoti
transportavote, transportuoti
transportuodavau, transportuoti
transportuodavai, transportuoti
transportuodavo, transportuoti
transportuodavome, transportuoti
transportuodavote, transportuoti
transportuosiu, transportuoti
transportuosi, transportuoti
transportuos, transportuoti
transportuosime, transportuoti
transportuosite, transportuoti
transportuočiau, transportuoti
transportuotum(ei), transportuoti
transportuotų, transportuoti
transportuotu(mė)me, transportuoti
transportuotu(mė)te, transportuoti
tratėti, tratėti
tratu, tratėti
trati, tratėti
trata, tratėti
tratame, tratėti
tratate, tratėti
tratėk, tratėti
tratėkite, tratėti
tratėkime, tratėti
tratėjau, tratėti
tratėjai, tratėti
tratėjo, tratėti
tratėjome, tratėti
tratėjote, tratėti
tratėdavau, tratėti
tratėdavai, tratėti
tratėdavo, tratėti
tratėdavome, tratėti
tratėdavote, tratėti
tratėsiu, tratėti
tratėsi, tratėti
tratės, tratėti
tratėsime, tratėti
tratėsite, tratėti
tratėčiau, tratėti
tratėtum(ei), tratėti
tratėtų, tratėti
tratėtu(mė)me, tratėti
tratėtu(mė)te, tratėti
traukti, traukti
traukiu, traukti
trauki, traukti
traukia, traukti
traukiame, traukti
traukiate, traukti
trauk, traukti
traukite, traukti
traukime, traukti
traukiau, traukti
traukei, traukti
traukė, traukti
traukėme, traukti
traukėte, traukti
traukdavau, traukti
traukdavai, traukti
traukdavo, traukti
traukdavome, traukti
traukdavote, traukti
trauksiu, traukti
trauksi, traukti
trauks, traukti
trauksime, traukti
trauksite, traukti
traukčiau, traukti
trauktum(ei), traukti
trauktų, traukti
trauktu(mė)me, traukti
trauktu(mė)te, traukti
traumuoti, traumuoti
traumuoju, traumuoti
traumuoji, traumuoti
traumuoja, traumuoti
traumuojame, traumuoti
traumuojate, traumuoti
traumuok, traumuoti
traumuokite, traumuoti
traumuokime, traumuoti
traumavau, traumuoti
traumavai, traumuoti
traumavo, traumuoti
traumavome, traumuoti
traumavote, traumuoti
traumuodavau, traumuoti
traumuodavai, traumuoti
traumuodavo, traumuoti
traumuodavome, traumuoti
traumuodavote, traumuoti
traumuosiu, traumuoti
traumuosi, traumuoti
traumuos, traumuoti
traumuosime, traumuoti
traumuosite, traumuoti
traumuočiau, traumuoti
traumuotum(ei), traumuoti
traumuotų, traumuoti
traumuotu(mė)me, traumuoti
traumuotu(mė)te, traumuoti
tremti, tremti
tremiu, tremti
tremi, tremti
tremia, tremti
tremiame, tremti
tremiate, tremti
tremk, tremti
tremkite, tremti
tremkime, tremti
trėmiau, tremti
trėmei, tremti
trėmė, tremti
trėmėme, tremti
trėmėte, tremti
tremdavau, tremti
tremdavai, tremti
tremdavo, tremti
tremdavome, tremti
tremdavote, tremti
tremsiu, tremti
tremsi, tremti
trems, tremti
tremsime, tremti
tremsite, tremti
tremčiau, tremti
tremtum(ei), tremti
tremtų, tremti
tremtu(mė)me, tremti
tremtu(mė)te, tremti
treniruoti, treniruoti
treniruoju, treniruoti
treniruoji, treniruoti
treniruoja, treniruoti
treniruojame, treniruoti
treniruojate, treniruoti
treniruok, treniruoti
treniruokite, treniruoti
treniruokime, treniruoti
treniravau, treniruoti
treniravai, treniruoti
treniravo, treniruoti
treniravome, treniruoti
treniravote, treniruoti
treniruodavau, treniruoti
treniruodavai, treniruoti
treniruodavo, treniruoti
treniruodavome, treniruoti
treniruodavote, treniruoti
treniruosiu, treniruoti
treniruosi, treniruoti
treniruos, treniruoti
treniruosime, treniruoti
treniruosite, treniruoti
treniruočiau, treniruoti
treniruotum(ei), treniruoti
treniruotų, treniruoti
treniruotu(mė)me, treniruoti
treniruotu(mė)te, treniruoti
trenkti, trenkti
trenkiu, trenkti
trenki, trenkti
trenkia, trenkti
trenkiame, trenkti
trenkiate, trenkti
trenk, trenkti
trenkite, trenkti
trenkime, trenkti
trenkiau, trenkti
trenkei, trenkti
trenkė, trenkti
trenkėme, trenkti
trenkėte, trenkti
trenkdavau, trenkti
trenkdavai, trenkti
trenkdavo, trenkti
trenkdavome, trenkti
trenkdavote, trenkti
trenksiu, trenkti
trenksi, trenkti
trenks, trenkti
trenksime, trenkti
trenksite, trenkti
trenkčiau, trenkti
trenktum(ei), trenkti
trenktų, trenkti
trenktu(mė)me, trenkti
trenktu(mė)te, trenkti
trepsėti, trepsėti
trepsiu, trepsėti
trepsi, trepsėti
trepsi, trepsėti
trepsime, trepsėti
trepsite, trepsėti
trepsėk, trepsėti
trepsėkite, trepsėti
trepsėkime, trepsėti
trepsėjau, trepsėti
trepsėjai, trepsėti
trepsėjo, trepsėti
trepsėjome, trepsėti
trepsėjote, trepsėti
trepsėdavau, trepsėti
trepsėdavai, trepsėti
trepsėdavo, trepsėti
trepsėdavome, trepsėti
trepsėdavote, trepsėti
trepsėsiu, trepsėti
trepsėsi, trepsėti
trepsės, trepsėti
trepsėsime, trepsėti
trepsėsite, trepsėti
trepsėčiau, trepsėti
trepsėtum(ei), trepsėti
trepsėtų, trepsėti
trepsėtu(mė)me, trepsėti
trepsėtu(mė)te, trepsėti
tręšti, tręšti
tręšiu, tręšti
tręši, tręšti
tręšia, tręšti
tręšiame, tręšti
tręšiate, tręšti
tręšk, tręšti
tręškite, tręšti
tręškime, tręšti
tręšiau, tręšti
tręšei, tręšti
tręšė, tręšti
tręšėme, tręšti
tręšėte, tręšti
tręšdavau, tręšti
tręšdavai, tręšti
tręšdavo, tręšti
tręšdavome, tręšti
tręšdavote, tręšti
tręššiu, tręšti
tręšši, tręšti
tręšš, tręšti
tręššime, tręšti
tręššite, tręšti
tręščiau, tręšti
tręštum(ei), tręšti
tręštų, tręšti
tręštu(mė)me, tręšti
tręštu(mė)te, tręšti
triesti, triesti
triedžiu, triesti
triedži, triesti
triedžia, triesti
triedžiame, triesti
triedžiate, triesti
triesk, triesti
trieskite, triesti
trieskime, triesti
triedei, triesti
triedė, triesti
triedėme, triesti
triedėte, triesti
triesdavau, triesti
triesdavai, triesti
triesdavo, triesti
triesdavome, triesti
triesdavote, triesti
triesiu, triesti
triesi, triesti
tries, triesti
triesime, triesti
triesite, triesti
triesčiau, triesti
triestum(ei), triesti
triestų, triesti
triestu(mė)me, triesti
triestu(mė)te, triesti
trigubinti, trigubinti
trigubinu, trigubinti
trigubini, trigubinti
trigubina, trigubinti
trigubiname, trigubinti
trigubinate, trigubinti
trigubink, trigubinti
trigubinkite, trigubinti
trigubinkime, trigubinti
trigubinau, trigubinti
trigubinai, trigubinti
trigubino, trigubinti
trigubinome, trigubinti
trigubinote, trigubinti
trigubindavau, trigubinti
trigubindavai, trigubinti
trigubindavo, trigubinti
trigubindavome, trigubinti
trigubindavote, trigubinti
trigubinsiu, trigubinti
trigubinsi, trigubinti
trigubins, trigubinti
trigubinsime, trigubinti
trigubinsite, trigubinti
trigubinčiau, trigubinti
trigubintum(ei), trigubinti
trigubintų, trigubinti
trigubintu(mė)me, trigubinti
trigubintu(mė)te, trigubinti
trikdyti, trikdyti
trikdžau, trikdyti
trikdai, trikdyti
trikdo, trikdyti
trikdome, trikdyti
trikdote, trikdyti
trikdyk, trikdyti
trikdykite, trikdyti
trikdykime, trikdyti
trikdei, trikdyti
trikdė, trikdyti
trikdėme, trikdyti
trikdėte, trikdyti
trikdydavau, trikdyti
trikdydavai, trikdyti
trikdydavo, trikdyti
trikdydavome, trikdyti
trikdydavote, trikdyti
trikdysiu, trikdyti
trikdysi, trikdyti
trikdys, trikdyti
trikdysime, trikdyti
trikdysite, trikdyti
trikdyčiau, trikdyti
trikdytum(ei), trikdyti
trikdytų, trikdyti
trikdytu(mė)me, trikdyti
trikdytu(mė)te, trikdyti
trikti, trikti
trinku, trikti
trinki, trikti
trinka, trikti
trinkame, trikti
trinkate, trikti
trik, trikti
trikite, trikti
trikime, trikti
trikau, trikti
trikai, trikti
triko, trikti
trikome, trikti
trikote, trikti
trikdavau, trikti
trikdavai, trikti
trikdavo, trikti
trikdavome, trikti
trikdavote, trikti
triksiu, trikti
triksi, trikti
triks, trikti
triksime, trikti
triksite, trikti
trikčiau, trikti
triktum(ei), trikti
triktų, trikti
triktu(mė)me, trikti
triktu(mė)te, trikti
trimituoti, trimituoti
trimituoju, trimituoti
trimituoji, trimituoti
trimituoja, trimituoti
trimituojame, trimituoti
trimituojate, trimituoti
trimituok, trimituoti
trimituokite, trimituoti
trimituokime, trimituoti
trimitavau, trimituoti
trimitavai, trimituoti
trimitavo, trimituoti
trimitavome, trimituoti
trimitavote, trimituoti
trimituodavau, trimituoti
trimituodavai, trimituoti
trimituodavo, trimituoti
trimituodavome, trimituoti
trimituodavote, trimituoti
trimituosiu, trimituoti
trimituosi, trimituoti
trimituos, trimituoti
trimituosime, trimituoti
trimituosite, trimituoti
trimituočiau, trimituoti
trimituotum(ei), trimituoti
trimituotų, trimituoti
trimituotu(mė)me, trimituoti
trimituotu(mė)te, trimituoti
trinti, trinti
trinu, trinti
trini, trinti
trina, trinti
triname, trinti
trinate, trinti
trink, trinti
trinkite, trinti
trinkime, trinti
tryniau, trinti
trynei, trinti
trynė, trinti
trynėme, trinti
trynėte, trinti
trindavau, trinti
trindavai, trinti
trindavo, trinti
trindavome, trinti
trindavote, trinti
trinsiu, trinti
trinsi, trinti
trins, trinti
trinsime, trinti
trinsite, trinti
trinčiau, trinti
trintum(ei), trinti
trintų, trinti
trintu(mė)me, trinti
trintu(mė)te, trinti
triukšmauti, triukšmauti
triumškauju, triukšmauti
triumškauji, triukšmauti
triumškauja, triukšmauti
triumškaujame, triukšmauti
triumškaujate, triukšmauti
triukšmauk, triukšmauti
triukšmaukite, triukšmauti
triukšmaukime, triukšmauti
triukšmavau, triukšmauti
triukšmavai, triukšmauti
triukšmavo, triukšmauti
triukšmavome, triukšmauti
triukšmavote, triukšmauti
triukšmaudavau, triukšmauti
triukšmaudavai, triukšmauti
triukšmaudavo, triukšmauti
triukšmaudavome, triukšmauti
triukšmaudavote, triukšmauti
triukšmausiu, triukšmauti
triukšmausi, triukšmauti
triukšmaus, triukšmauti
triukšmausime, triukšmauti
triukšmausite, triukšmauti
triukšmaučiau, triukšmauti
triukšmautum(ei), triukšmauti
triukšmautų, triukšmauti
triukšmautu(mė)me, triukšmauti
triukšmautu(mė)te, triukšmauti
triumfuoti, triumfuoti
triumfuoju, triumfuoti
triumfuoji, triumfuoti
triumfuoja, triumfuoti
triumfuojame, triumfuoti
triumfuojate, triumfuoti
triumfuok, triumfuoti
triumfuokite, triumfuoti
triumfuokime, triumfuoti
triumfavau, triumfuoti
triumfavai, triumfuoti
triumfavo, triumfuoti
triumfavome, triumfuoti
triumfavote, triumfuoti
triumfuodavau, triumfuoti
triumfuodavai, triumfuoti
triumfuodavo, triumfuoti
triumfuodavome, triumfuoti
triumfuodavote, triumfuoti
triumfuosiu, triumfuoti
triumfuosi, triumfuoti
triumfuos, triumfuoti
triumfuosime, triumfuoti
triumfuosite, triumfuoti
triumfuočiau, triumfuoti
triumfuotum(ei), triumfuoti
triumfuotų, triumfuoti
triumfuotu(mė)me, triumfuoti
triumfuotu(mė)te, triumfuoti
trokšti, trokšti
trokštu, trokšti
trokšti, trokšti
trokšta, trokšti
trokštame, trokšti
trokštate, trokšti
trokšk, trokšti
trokškite, trokšti
trokškime, trokšti
troškau, trokšti
troškai, trokšti
troško, trokšti
troškome, trokšti
troškote, trokšti
trokšdavau, trokšti
trokšdavai, trokšti
trokšdavo, trokšti
trokšdavome, trokšti
trokšdavote, trokšti
trokššiu, trokšti
trokšši, trokšti
trokšš, trokšti
trokššime, trokšti
trokššite, trokšti
trokščiau, trokšti
trokštum(ei), trokšti
trokštų, trokšti
trokštu(mė)me, trokšti
trokštu(mė)te, trokšti
troškinti, troškinti
troškinu, troškinti
troškini, troškinti
troškina, troškinti
troškiname, troškinti
troškinate, troškinti
troškink, troškinti
troškinkite, troškinti
troškinkime, troškinti
troškinau, troškinti
troškinai, troškinti
troškino, troškinti
troškinome, troškinti
troškinote, troškinti
troškindavau, troškinti
troškindavai, troškinti
troškindavo, troškinti
troškindavome, troškinti
troškindavote, troškinti
troškinsiu, troškinti
troškinsi, troškinti
troškins, troškinti
troškinsime, troškinti
troškinsite, troškinti
troškinčiau, troškinti
troškintum(ei), troškinti
troškintų, troškinti
troškintu(mė)me, troškinti
troškintu(mė)te, troškinti
trukdyti, trukdyti
trukdžau, trukdyti
trukdai, trukdyti
trukdo, trukdyti
trukdome, trukdyti
trukdote, trukdyti
trukdyk, trukdyti
trukdykite, trukdyti
trukdykime, trukdyti
trukdei, trukdyti
trukdė, trukdyti
trukdėme, trukdyti
trukdėte, trukdyti
trukdydavau, trukdyti
trukdydavai, trukdyti
trukdydavo, trukdyti
trukdydavome, trukdyti
trukdydavote, trukdyti
trukdysiu, trukdyti
trukdysi, trukdyti
trukdys, trukdyti
trukdysime, trukdyti
trukdysite, trukdyti
trukdyčiau, trukdyti
trukdytum(ei), trukdyti
trukdytų, trukdyti
trukdytu(mė)me, trukdyti
trukdytu(mė)te, trukdyti
trūkti, trūkti
trukdžau, trūkti
trukdai, trūkti
trukdo, trūkti
trukdome, trūkti
trukdote, trūkti
trūk, trūkti
trūkite, trūkti
trūkime, trūkti
trukdei, trūkti
trukdė, trūkti
trukdėme, trūkti
trukdėte, trūkti
trūkdavau, trūkti
trūkdavai, trūkti
trūkdavo, trūkti
trūkdavome, trūkti
trūkdavote, trūkti
trūksiu, trūkti
trūksi, trūkti
truks, trūkti
trūksime, trūkti
trūksite, trūkti
trūkčiau, trūkti
trūktum(ei), trūkti
trūktų, trūkti
trūktu(mė)me, trūkti
trūktu(mė)te, trūkti
trukti, trukti
trunku, trukti
trunki, trukti
trunka, trukti
trunkame, trukti
trunkate, trukti
truk, trukti
trukite, trukti
trukime, trukti
trukau, trukti
trukai, trukti
truko, trukti
trukome, trukti
trukote, trukti
trukdavau, trukti
trukdavai, trukti
trukdavo, trukti
trukdavome, trukti
trukdavote, trukti
truksiu, trukti
truksi, trukti
truks, trukti
truksime, trukti
truksite, trukti
trukčiau, trukti
truktum(ei), trukti
truktų, trukti
truktu(mė)me, trukti
truktu(mė)te, trukti
trumpėti, trumpėti
trumpėju, trumpėti
trumpėji, trumpėti
trumpėja, trumpėti
trumpėjame, trumpėti
trumpėjate, trumpėti
trumpėk, trumpėti
trumpėkite, trumpėti
trumpėkime, trumpėti
trumpėjau, trumpėti
trumpėjai, trumpėti
trumpėjo, trumpėti
trumpėjome, trumpėti
trumpėjote, trumpėti
trumpėdavau, trumpėti
trumpėdavai, trumpėti
trumpėdavo, trumpėti
trumpėdavome, trumpėti
trumpėdavote, trumpėti
trumpėsiu, trumpėti
trumpėsi, trumpėti
trumpės, trumpėti
trumpėsime, trumpėti
trumpėsite, trumpėti
trumpėčiau, trumpėti
trumpėtum(ei), trumpėti
trumpėtų, trumpėti
trumpėtu(mė)me, trumpėti
trumpėtu(mė)te, trumpėti
trumpinti, trumpinti
trumpinu, trumpinti
trumpini, trumpinti
trumpina, trumpinti
trumpiname, trumpinti
trumpinate, trumpinti
trumpink, trumpinti
trumpinkite, trumpinti
trumpinkime, trumpinti
trumpinau, trumpinti
trumpinai, trumpinti
trumpino, trumpinti
trumpinome, trumpinti
trumpinote, trumpinti
trumpindavau, trumpinti
trumpindavai, trumpinti
trumpindavo, trumpinti
trumpindavome, trumpinti
trumpindavote, trumpinti
trumpinsiu, trumpinti
trumpinsi, trumpinti
trumpins, trumpinti
trumpinsime, trumpinti
trumpinsite, trumpinti
trumpinčiau, trumpinti
trumpintum(ei), trumpinti
trumpintų, trumpinti
trumpintu(mė)me, trumpinti
trumpintu(mė)te, trumpinti
trupėti, trupėti
trupu, trupėti
trupi, trupėti
trupa, trupėti
trupame, trupėti
trupate, trupėti
trupėk, trupėti
trupėkite, trupėti
trupėkime, trupėti
trupėjau, trupėti
trupėjai, trupėti
trupėjo, trupėti
trupėjome, trupėti
trupėjote, trupėti
trupėdavau, trupėti
trupėdavai, trupėti
trupėdavo, trupėti
trupėdavome, trupėti
trupėdavote, trupėti
trupėsiu, trupėti
trupėsi, trupėti
trupės, trupėti
trupėsime, trupėti
trupėsite, trupėti
trupėčiau, trupėti
trupėtum(ei), trupėti
trupėtų, trupėti
trupėtu(mė)me, trupėti
trupėtu(mė)te, trupėti
trupinti, trupinti
trupinu, trupinti
trupini, trupinti
trupina, trupinti
trupiname, trupinti
trupinate, trupinti
trupink, trupinti
trupinkite, trupinti
trupinkime, trupinti
trupinau, trupinti
trupinai, trupinti
trupino, trupinti
trupinome, trupinti
trupinote, trupinti
trupindavau, trupinti
trupindavai, trupinti
trupindavo, trupinti
trupindavome, trupinti
trupindavote, trupinti
trupinsiu, trupinti
trupinsi, trupinti
trupins, trupinti
trupinsime, trupinti
trupinsite, trupinti
trupinčiau, trupinti
trupintum(ei), trupinti
trupintų, trupinti
trupintu(mė)me, trupinti
trupintu(mė)te, trupinti
trykšti, trykšti
trykštu, trykšti
trykšti, trykšti
trykšta, trykšti
trykštame, trykšti
trykštate, trykšti
trykšk, trykšti
trykškite, trykšti
trykškime, trykšti
tryškau, trykšti
tryškai, trykšti
tryško, trykšti
tryškome, trykšti
tryškote, trykšti
trykšdavau, trykšti
trykšdavai, trykšti
trykšdavo, trykšti
trykšdavome, trykšti
trykšdavote, trykšti
trykššiu, trykšti
trykšši, trykšti
trykšš, trykšti
trykššime, trykšti
trykššite, trykšti
trykščiau, trykšti
trykštum(ei), trykšti
trykštų, trykšti
trykštu(mė)me, trykšti
trykštu(mė)te, trykšti
tujinti, tujinti
tujinu, tujinti
tujini, tujinti
tujina, tujinti
tujiname, tujinti
tujinate, tujinti
tujink, tujinti
tujinkite, tujinti
tujinkime, tujinti
tujinau, tujinti
tujinai, tujinti
tujino, tujinti
tujinome, tujinti
tujinote, tujinti
tujindavau, tujinti
tujindavai, tujinti
tujindavo, tujinti
tujindavome, tujinti
tujindavote, tujinti
tujinsiu, tujinti
tujinsi, tujinti
tujins, tujinti
tujinsime, tujinti
tujinsite, tujinti
tujinčiau, tujinti
tujintum(ei), tujinti
tujintų, tujinti
tujintu(mė)me, tujinti
tujintu(mė)te, tujinti
tukti, tukti
tunku, tukti
tunki, tukti
tunka, tukti
tunkame, tukti
tunkate, tukti
tuk, tukti
tukite, tukti
tukime, tukti
tukau, tukti
tukai, tukti
tuko, tukti
tukome, tukti
tukote, tukti
tukdavau, tukti
tukdavai, tukti
tukdavo, tukti
tukdavome, tukti
tukdavote, tukti
tuksiu, tukti
tuksi, tukti
tuks, tukti
tuksime, tukti
tuksite, tukti
tukčiau, tukti
tuktum(ei), tukti
tuktų, tukti
tuktu(mė)me, tukti
tuktu(mė)te, tukti
tūnoti, tūnoti
tūnau, tūnoti
tūnai, tūnoti
tūno, tūnoti
tūnome, tūnoti
tūnote, tūnoti
tūnok, tūnoti
tūnokite, tūnoti
tūnokime, tūnoti
tūnojau, tūnoti
tūnojai, tūnoti
tūnojo, tūnoti
tūnojome, tūnoti
tūnojote, tūnoti
tūnodavau, tūnoti
tūnodavai, tūnoti
tūnodavo, tūnoti
tūnodavome, tūnoti
tūnodavote, tūnoti
tūnosiu, tūnoti
tūnosi, tūnoti
tūnos, tūnoti
tūnosime, tūnoti
tūnosite, tūnoti
tūnočiau, tūnoti
tūnotum(ei), tūnoti
tūnotų, tūnoti
tūnotu(mė)me, tūnoti
tūnotu(mė)te, tūnoti
tuokti, tuokti
tuokiu, tuokti
tuoki, tuokti
tuokia, tuokti
tuokiame, tuokti
tuokiate, tuokti
tuok, tuokti
tuokite, tuokti
tuokime, tuokti
tuokiau, tuokti
tuokei, tuokti
tuokė, tuokti
tuokėme, tuokti
tuokėte, tuokti
tuokdavau, tuokti
tuokdavai, tuokti
tuokdavo, tuokti
tuokdavome, tuokti
tuokdavote, tuokti
tuoksiu, tuokti
tuoksi, tuokti
tuoks, tuokti
tuoksime, tuokti
tuoksite, tuokti
tuokčiau, tuokti
tuoktum(ei), tuokti
tuoktų, tuokti
tuoktu(mė)me, tuokti
tuoktu(mė)te, tuokti
tupėti, tupėti
tupiu, tupėti
tupi, tupėti
tupi, tupėti
tupime, tupėti
tupite, tupėti
tupėk, tupėti
tupėkite, tupėti
tupėkime, tupėti
tupėjau, tupėti
tupėjai, tupėti
tupėjo, tupėti
tupėjome, tupėti
tupėjote, tupėti
tupėdavau, tupėti
tupėdavai, tupėti
tupėdavo, tupėti
tupėdavome, tupėti
tupėdavote, tupėti
tupėsiu, tupėti
tupėsi, tupėti
tupės, tupėti
tupėsime, tupėti
tupėsite, tupėti
tupėčiau, tupėti
tupėtum(ei), tupėti
tupėtų, tupėti
tupėtu(mė)me, tupėti
tupėtu(mė)te, tupėti
tūpti, tūpti
tupiu, tūpti
tupi, tūpti
tupia, tūpti
tupiame, tūpti
tupiate, tūpti
tūpk, tūpti
tūpkite, tūpti
tūpkime, tūpti
tūpiau, tūpti
tūpei, tūpti
tūpė, tūpti
tūpėme, tūpti
tūpėte, tūpti
tūpdavau, tūpti
tūpdavai, tūpti
tūpdavo, tūpti
tūpdavome, tūpti
tūpdavote, tūpti
tūpsiu, tūpti
tūpsi, tūpti
tūps, tūpti
tūpsime, tūpti
tūpsite, tūpti
tūpčiau, tūpti
tūptum(ei), tūpti
tūptų, tūpti
tūptu(mė)me, tūpti
tūptu(mė)te, tūpti
turėti, turėti
turiu, turėti
turi, turėti
turi, turėti
turime, turėti
turite, turėti
turėk, turėti
turėkite, turėti
turėkime, turėti
turėjau, turėti
turėjai, turėti
turėjo, turėti
turėjome, turėti
turėjote, turėti
turėdavau, turėti
turėdavai, turėti
turėdavo, turėti
turėdavome, turėti
turėdavote, turėti
turėsiu, turėti
turėsi, turėti
turės, turėti
turėsime, turėti
turėsite, turėti
turėčiau, turėti
turėtum(ei), turėti
turėtų, turėti
turėtu(mė)me, turėti
turėtu(mė)te, turėti
tursenti, tursenti
tursenu, tursenti
turseni, tursenti
tursena, tursenti
tursename, tursenti
tursenate, tursenti
tursenk, tursenti
tursenkite, tursenti
tursenkime, tursenti
tursenau, tursenti
tursenai, tursenti
turseno, tursenti
tursenome, tursenti
tursenote, tursenti
tursendavau, tursenti
tursendavai, tursenti
tursendavo, tursenti
tursendavome, tursenti
tursendavote, tursenti
tursensiu, tursenti
tursensi, tursenti
tursens, tursenti
tursensime, tursenti
tursensite, tursenti
tursenčiau, tursenti
tursentum(ei), tursenti
tursentų, tursenti
tursentu(mė)me, tursenti
tursentu(mė)te, tursenti
tuštėti, tuštėti
tuštėju, tuštėti
tuštėji, tuštėti
tuštėja, tuštėti
tuštėjame, tuštėti
tuštėjate, tuštėti
tuštėk, tuštėti
tuštėkite, tuštėti
tuštėkime, tuštėti
tuštėjau, tuštėti
tuštėjai, tuštėti
tuštėjo, tuštėti
tuštėjome, tuštėti
tuštėjote, tuštėti
tuštėdavau, tuštėti
tuštėdavai, tuštėti
tuštėdavo, tuštėti
tuštėdavome, tuštėti
tuštėdavote, tuštėti
tuštėsiu, tuštėti
tuštėsi, tuštėti
tuštės, tuštėti
tuštėsime, tuštėti
tuštėsite, tuštėti
tuštėčiau, tuštėti
tuštėtum(ei), tuštėti
tuštėtų, tuštėti
tuštėtu(mė)me, tuštėti
tuštėtu(mė)te, tuštėti
tušti, tušti
tušu, tušti
tuši, tušti
tuša, tušti
tušame, tušti
tušate, tušti
tušk, tušti
tuškite, tušti
tuškime, tušti
tušau, tušti
tušai, tušti
tušo, tušti
tušome, tušti
tušote, tušti
tušdavau, tušti
tušdavai, tušti
tušdavo, tušti
tušdavome, tušti
tušdavote, tušti
tuššiu, tušti
tušši, tušti
tušš, tušti
tuššime, tušti
tuššite, tušti
tuščiau, tušti
tuštum(ei), tušti
tuštų, tušti
tuštu(mė)me, tušti
tuštu(mė)te, tušti
tuštinti, tuštinti
tuštinu, tuštinti
tuštini, tuštinti
tuština, tuštinti
tuštiname, tuštinti
tuštinate, tuštinti
tuštink, tuštinti
tuštinkite, tuštinti
tuštinkime, tuštinti
tuštinau, tuštinti
tuštinai, tuštinti
tuštino, tuštinti
tuštinome, tuštinti
tuštinote, tuštinti
tuštindavau, tuštinti
tuštindavai, tuštinti
tuštindavo, tuštinti
tuštindavome, tuštinti
tuštindavote, tuštinti
tuštinsiu, tuštinti
tuštinsi, tuštinti
tuštins, tuštinti
tuštinsime, tuštinti
tuštinsite, tuštinti
tuštinčiau, tuštinti
tuštintum(ei), tuštinti
tuštintų, tuštinti
tuštintu(mė)me, tuštinti
tuštintu(mė)te, tuštinti
tūžti, tūžti
tūžtu, tūžti
tūžti, tūžti
tūžta, tūžti
tūžtame, tūžti
tūžtate, tūžti
tūžk, tūžti
tūžkite, tūžti
tūžkime, tūžti
tūžau, tūžti
tūžai, tūžti
tūžo, tūžti
tūžome, tūžti
tūžote, tūžti
tūždavau, tūžti
tūždavai, tūžti
tūždavo, tūžti
tūždavome, tūžti
tūždavote, tūžti
tūžšiu, tūžti
tūžši, tūžti
tūžš, tūžti
tūžšime, tūžti
tūžšite, tūžti
tūžčiau, tūžti
tūžtum(ei), tūžti
tūžtų, tūžti
tūžtu(mė)me, tūžti
tūžtu(mė)te, tūžti
tvaikti, tvaikti
tvaikstu, tvaikti
tvaiksti, tvaikti
tvaiksta, tvaikti
tvaikstame, tvaikti
tvaikstate, tvaikti
tvaik, tvaikti
tvaikite, tvaikti
tvaikime, tvaikti
tvaikau, tvaikti
tvaikai, tvaikti
tvaiko, tvaikti
tvaikome, tvaikti
tvaikote, tvaikti
tvaikdavau, tvaikti
tvaikdavai, tvaikti
tvaikdavo, tvaikti
tvaikdavome, tvaikti
tvaikdavote, tvaikti
tvaiksiu, tvaikti
tvaiksi, tvaikti
tvaiks, tvaikti
tvaiksime, tvaikti
tvaiksite, tvaikti
tvaikčiau, tvaikti
tvaiktum(ei), tvaikti
tvaiktų, tvaikti
tvaiktu(mė)me, tvaikti
tvaiktu(mė)te, tvaikti
tvardyti, tvardyti
tvardžau, tvardyti
tvardai, tvardyti
tvardo, tvardyti
tvardome, tvardyti
tvardote, tvardyti
tvardyk, tvardyti
tvardykite, tvardyti
tvardykime, tvardyti
tvardei, tvardyti
tvardė, tvardyti
tvardėme, tvardyti
tvardėte, tvardyti
tvardydavau, tvardyti
tvardydavai, tvardyti
tvardydavo, tvardyti
tvardydavome, tvardyti
tvardydavote, tvardyti
tvardysiu, tvardyti
tvardysi, tvardyti
tvardys, tvardyti
tvardysime, tvardyti
tvardysite, tvardyti
tvardyčiau, tvardyti
tvardytum(ei), tvardyti
tvardytų, tvardyti
tvardytu(mė)me, tvardyti
tvardytu(mė)te, tvardyti
tvarkyti, tvarkyti
tvarkau, tvarkyti
tvarkai, tvarkyti
tvarko, tvarkyti
tvarkome, tvarkyti
tvarkote, tvarkyti
tvarkyk, tvarkyti
tvarkykite, tvarkyti
tvarkykime, tvarkyti
tvarkiau, tvarkyti
tvarkei, tvarkyti
tvarkė, tvarkyti
tvarkėme, tvarkyti
tvarkėte, tvarkyti
tvarkydavau, tvarkyti
tvarkydavai, tvarkyti
tvarkydavo, tvarkyti
tvarkydavome, tvarkyti
tvarkydavote, tvarkyti
tvarkysiu, tvarkyti
tvarkysi, tvarkyti
tvarkys, tvarkyti
tvarkysime, tvarkyti
tvarkysite, tvarkyti
tvarkyčiau, tvarkyti
tvarkytum(ei), tvarkyti
tvarkytų, tvarkyti
tvarkytu(mė)me, tvarkyti
tvarkytu(mė)te, tvarkyti
tvarstyti, tvarstyti
tvarstau, tvarstyti
tvarstai, tvarstyti
tvarsto, tvarstyti
tvarstome, tvarstyti
tvarstote, tvarstyti
tvarstyk, tvarstyti
tvarstykite, tvarstyti
tvarstykime, tvarstyti
tvarstei, tvarstyti
tvarstė, tvarstyti
tvarstėme, tvarstyti
tvarstėte, tvarstyti
tvarstydavau, tvarstyti
tvarstydavai, tvarstyti
tvarstydavo, tvarstyti
tvarstydavome, tvarstyti
tvarstydavote, tvarstyti
tvarstysiu, tvarstyti
tvarstysi, tvarstyti
tvarstys, tvarstyti
tvarstysime, tvarstyti
tvarstysite, tvarstyti
tvarstyčiau, tvarstyti
tvarstytum(ei), tvarstyti
tvarstytų, tvarstyti
tvarstytu(mė)me, tvarstyti
tvarstytu(mė)te, tvarstyti
tvenkti, tvenkti
tvenkiu, tvenkti
tvenki, tvenkti
tvenkia, tvenkti
tvenkiame, tvenkti
tvenkiate, tvenkti
tvenk, tvenkti
tvenkite, tvenkti
tvenkime, tvenkti
tvenkiau, tvenkti
tvenkei, tvenkti
tvenkė, tvenkti
tvenkėme, tvenkti
tvenkėte, tvenkti
tvenkdavau, tvenkti
tvenkdavai, tvenkti
tvenkdavo, tvenkti
tvenkdavome, tvenkti
tvenkdavote, tvenkti
tvenksiu, tvenkti
tvenksi, tvenkti
tvenks, tvenkti
tvenksime, tvenkti
tvenksite, tvenkti
tvenkčiau, tvenkti
tvenktum(ei), tvenkti
tvenktų, tvenkti
tvenktu(mė)me, tvenkti
tvenktu(mė)te, tvenkti
tverti, tverti
tveriu, tverti
tveri, tverti
tveria, tverti
tveriame, tverti
tveriate, tverti
tverk, tverti
tverkite, tverti
tverkime, tverti
tvėriau, tverti
tvėrei, tverti
tvėrė, tverti
tvėrėme, tverti
tvėrėte, tverti
tverdavau, tverti
tverdavai, tverti
tverdavo, tverti
tverdavome, tverti
tverdavote, tverti
tversiu, tverti
tversi, tverti
tvers, tverti
tversime, tverti
tversite, tverti
tverčiau, tverti
tvertum(ei), tverti
tvertų, tverti
tvertu(mė)me, tverti
tvertu(mė)te, tverti
tvinti, tvinti
tvinstu, tvinti
tvinsti, tvinti
tvinsta, tvinti
tvinstame, tvinti
tvinstate, tvinti
tvink, tvinti
tvinkite, tvinti
tvinkime, tvinti
tvinau, tvinti
tvinai, tvinti
tvino, tvinti
tvinome, tvinti
tvinote, tvinti
tvindavau, tvinti
tvindavai, tvinti
tvindavo, tvinti
tvindavome, tvinti
tvindavote, tvinti
tvinsiu, tvinti
tvinsi, tvinti
tvins, tvinti
tvinsime, tvinti
tvinsite, tvinti
tvinčiau, tvinti
tvintum(ei), tvinti
tvintų, tvinti
tvintu(mė)me, tvinti
tvintu(mė)te, tvinti
tvirtėti, tvirtėti
tvirtėju, tvirtėti
tvirtėji, tvirtėti
tvirtėja, tvirtėti
tvirtėjame, tvirtėti
tvirtėjate, tvirtėti
tvirtėk, tvirtėti
tvirtėkite, tvirtėti
tvirtėkime, tvirtėti
tvirtėjau, tvirtėti
tvirtėjai, tvirtėti
tvirtėjo, tvirtėti
tvirtėjome, tvirtėti
tvirtėjote, tvirtėti
tvirtėdavau, tvirtėti
tvirtėdavai, tvirtėti
tvirtėdavo, tvirtėti
tvirtėdavome, tvirtėti
tvirtėdavote, tvirtėti
tvirtėsiu, tvirtėti
tvirtėsi, tvirtėti
tvirtės, tvirtėti
tvirtėsime, tvirtėti
tvirtėsite, tvirtėti
tvirtėčiau, tvirtėti
tvirtėtum(ei), tvirtėti
tvirtėtų, tvirtėti
tvirtėtu(mė)me, tvirtėti
tvirtėtu(mė)te, tvirtėti
tvirtinti, tvirtinti
tvirtinu, tvirtinti
tvirtini, tvirtinti
tvirtina, tvirtinti
tvirtiname, tvirtinti
tvirtinate, tvirtinti
tvirtink, tvirtinti
tvirtinkite, tvirtinti
tvirtinkime, tvirtinti
tvirtinau, tvirtinti
tvirtinai, tvirtinti
tvirtino, tvirtinti
tvirtinome, tvirtinti
tvirtinote, tvirtinti
tvirtindavau, tvirtinti
tvirtindavai, tvirtinti
tvirtindavo, tvirtinti
tvirtindavome, tvirtinti
tvirtindavote, tvirtinti
tvirtinsiu, tvirtinti
tvirtinsi, tvirtinti
tvirtins, tvirtinti
tvirtinsime, tvirtinti
tvirtinsite, tvirtinti
tvirtinčiau, tvirtinti
tvirtintum(ei), tvirtinti
tvirtintų, tvirtinti
tvirtintu(mė)me, tvirtinti
tvirtintu(mė)te, tvirtinti
tvykstelėti, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėju, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėji, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėja, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėjame, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėjate, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėk, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėkite, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėkime, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėjau, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėjai, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėjo, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėjome, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėjote, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėdavau, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėdavai, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėdavo, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėdavome, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėdavote, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėsiu, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėsi, tvykstelėti
tvykstelės, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėsime, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėsite, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėčiau, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėtum(ei), tvykstelėti
tvykstelėtų, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėtu(mė)me, tvykstelėti
tvykstelėtu(mė)te, tvykstelėti
tvyroti, tvyroti
tvyrau, tvyroti
tvyrai, tvyroti
tvyro, tvyroti
tvyrome, tvyroti
tvyrote, tvyroti
tvyrok, tvyroti
tvyrokite, tvyroti
tvyrokime, tvyroti
tvyrojau, tvyroti
tvyrojai, tvyroti
tvyrojo, tvyroti
tvyrojome, tvyroti
tvyrojote, tvyroti
tvyrodavau, tvyroti
tvyrodavai, tvyroti
tvyrodavo, tvyroti
tvyrodavome, tvyroti
tvyrodavote, tvyroti
tvyrosiu, tvyroti
tvyrosi, tvyroti
tvyros, tvyroti
tvyrosime, tvyroti
tvyrosite, tvyroti
tvyročiau, tvyroti
tvyrotum(ei), tvyroti
tvyrotų, tvyroti
tvyrotu(mė)me, tvyroti
tvyrotu(mė)te, tvyroti
tykoti, tykoti
tykau, tykoti
tykai, tykoti
tyko, tykoti
tykome, tykoti
tykote, tykoti
tykok, tykoti
tykokite, tykoti
tykokime, tykoti
tykojau, tykoti
tykojai, tykoti
tykojo, tykoti
tykojome, tykoti
tykojote, tykoti
tykodavau, tykoti
tykodavai, tykoti
tykodavo, tykoti
tykodavome, tykoti
tykodavote, tykoti
tykosiu, tykoti
tykosi, tykoti
tykos, tykoti
tykosime, tykoti
tykosite, tykoti
tykočiau, tykoti
tykotum(ei), tykoti
tykotų, tykoti
tykotu(mė)me, tykoti
tykotu(mė)te, tykoti
tylėti, tylėti
tyliu, tylėti
tyli, tylėti
tyli, tylėti
tylime, tylėti
tylite, tylėti
tylėk, tylėti
tylėkite, tylėti
tylėkime, tylėti
tylėjau, tylėti
tylėjai, tylėti
tylėjo, tylėti
tylėjome, tylėti
tylėjote, tylėti
tylėdavau, tylėti
tylėdavai, tylėti
tylėdavo, tylėti
tylėdavome, tylėti
tylėdavote, tylėti
tylėsiu, tylėti
tylėsi, tylėti
tylės, tylėti
tylėsime, tylėti
tylėsite, tylėti
tylėčiau, tylėti
tylėtum(ei), tylėti
tylėtų, tylėti
tylėtu(mė)me, tylėti
tylėtu(mė)te, tylėti
tyrinėti, tyrinėti
tyrinėju, tyrinėti
tyrinėji, tyrinėti
tyrinėja, tyrinėti
tyrinėjame, tyrinėti
tyrinėjate, tyrinėti
tyrinėk, tyrinėti
tyrinėkite, tyrinėti
tyrinėkime, tyrinėti
tyrinėjau, tyrinėti
tyrinėjai, tyrinėti
tyrinėjo, tyrinėti
tyrinėjome, tyrinėti
tyrinėjote, tyrinėti
tyrinėdavau, tyrinėti
tyrinėdavai, tyrinėti
tyrinėdavo, tyrinėti
tyrinėdavome, tyrinėti
tyrinėdavote, tyrinėti
tyrinėsiu, tyrinėti
tyrinėsi, tyrinėti
tyrinės, tyrinėti
tyrinėsime, tyrinėti
tyrinėsite, tyrinėti
tyrinėčiau, tyrinėti
tyrinėtum(ei), tyrinėti
tyrinėtų, tyrinėti
tyrinėtu(mė)me, tyrinėti
tyrinėtu(mė)te, tyrinėti
tysoti, tysoti
tysau, tysoti
tysai, tysoti
tyso, tysoti
tysome, tysoti
tysote, tysoti
tysok, tysoti
tysokite, tysoti
tysokime, tysoti
tysojau, tysoti
tysojai, tysoti
tysojo, tysoti
tysojome, tysoti
tysojote, tysoti
tysodavau, tysoti
tysodavai, tysoti
tysodavo, tysoti
tysodavome, tysoti
tysodavote, tysoti
tysosiu, tysoti
tysosi, tysoti
tysos, tysoti
tysosime, tysoti
tysosite, tysoti
tysočiau, tysoti
tysotum(ei), tysoti
tysotų, tysoti
tysotu(mė)me, tysoti
tysotu(mė)te, tysoti
ugdyti, ugdyti
ugdžau, ugdyti
ugdai, ugdyti
ugdo, ugdyti
ugdome, ugdyti
ugdote, ugdyti
ugdyk, ugdyti
ugdykite, ugdyti
ugdykime, ugdyti
ugdei, ugdyti
ugdė, ugdyti
ugdėme, ugdyti
ugdėte, ugdyti
ugdydavau, ugdyti
ugdydavai, ugdyti
ugdydavo, ugdyti
ugdydavome, ugdyti
ugdydavote, ugdyti
ugdysiu, ugdyti
ugdysi, ugdyti
ugdys, ugdyti
ugdysime, ugdyti
ugdysite, ugdyti
ugdyčiau, ugdyti
ugdytum(ei), ugdyti
ugdytų, ugdyti
ugdytu(mė)me, ugdyti
ugdytu(mė)te, ugdyti
ūkininkauti, ūkininkauti
ūkininkauju, ūkininkauti
ūkininkauji, ūkininkauti
ūkininkauja, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaujame, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaujate, ūkininkauti
ūkininkauk, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaukite, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaukime, ūkininkauti
ūkininkavau, ūkininkauti
ūkininkavai, ūkininkauti
ūkininkavo, ūkininkauti
ūkininkavome, ūkininkauti
ūkininkavote, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaudavau, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaudavai, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaudavo, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaudavome, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaudavote, ūkininkauti
ūkininkausiu, ūkininkauti
ūkininkausi, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaus, ūkininkauti
ūkininkausime, ūkininkauti
ūkininkausite, ūkininkauti
ūkininkaučiau, ūkininkauti
ūkininkautum(ei), ūkininkauti
ūkininkautų, ūkininkauti
ūkininkautu(mė)me, ūkininkauti
ūkininkautu(mė)te, ūkininkauti
ūkti, ūkti
ūkiu, ūkti
ūki, ūkti
ūkia, ūkti
ūkiame, ūkti
ūkiate, ūkti
ūk, ūkti
ūkite, ūkti
ūkime, ūkti
ūkiau, ūkti
ūkei, ūkti
ūkė, ūkti
ūkėme, ūkti
ūkėte, ūkti
ūkdavau, ūkti
ūkdavai, ūkti
ūkdavo, ūkti
ūkdavome, ūkti
ūkdavote, ūkti
ūksiu, ūkti
ūksi, ūkti
ūks, ūkti
ūksime, ūkti
ūksite, ūkti
ūkčiau, ūkti
ūktum(ei), ūkti
ūktų, ūkti
ūktu(mė)me, ūkti
ūktu(mė)te, ūkti
uogauti, uogauti
uogauju, uogauti
uogauji, uogauti
uogauja, uogauti
uogaujame, uogauti
uogaujate, uogauti
uogauk, uogauti
uogaukite, uogauti
uogaukime, uogauti
uogavau, uogauti
uogavai, uogauti
uogavo, uogauti
uogavome, uogauti
uogavote, uogauti
uogaudavau, uogauti
uogaudavai, uogauti
uogaudavo, uogauti
uogaudavome, uogauti
uogaudavote, uogauti
uogausiu, uogauti
uogausi, uogauti
uogaus, uogauti
uogausime, uogauti
uogausite, uogauti
uogaučiau, uogauti
uogautum(ei), uogauti
uogautų, uogauti
uogautu(mė)me, uogauti
uogautu(mė)te, uogauti
uosti, uosti
uodžiu, uosti
uodži, uosti
uodžia, uosti
uodžiame, uosti
uodžiate, uosti
uosk, uosti
uoskite, uosti
uoskime, uosti
uodei, uosti
uodė, uosti
uodėme, uosti
uodėte, uosti
uosdavau, uosti
uosdavai, uosti
uosdavo, uosti
uosdavome, uosti
uosdavote, uosti
uosiu, uosti
uosi, uosti
uos, uosti
uosime, uosti
uosite, uosti
uosčiau, uosti
uostum(ei), uosti
uostų, uosti
uostu(mė)me, uosti
uostu(mė)te, uosti
uostyti, uostyti
uostau, uostyti
uostai, uostyti
uosto, uostyti
uostome, uostyti
uostote, uostyti
uostyk, uostyti
uostykite, uostyti
uostykime, uostyti
uostei, uostyti
uostė, uostyti
uostėme, uostyti
uostėte, uostyti
uostydavau, uostyti
uostydavai, uostyti
uostydavo, uostyti
uostydavome, uostyti
uostydavote, uostyti
uostysiu, uostyti
uostysi, uostyti
uostys, uostyti
uostysime, uostyti
uostysite, uostyti
uostyčiau, uostyti
uostytum(ei), uostyti
uostytų, uostyti
uostytu(mė)me, uostyti
uostytu(mė)te, uostyti
urgzti, urgzti
urzgiu, urgzti
urzgi, urgzti
urzgia, urgzti
urzgiame, urgzti
urzgiate, urgzti
urgzk, urgzti
urgzkite, urgzti
urgzkime, urgzti
urzgiau, urgzti
urzgei, urgzti
urzgė, urgzti
urzgėme, urgzti
urzgėte, urgzti
urgzdavau, urgzti
urgzdavai, urgzti
urgzdavo, urgzti
urgzdavome, urgzti
urgzdavote, urgzti
urgzsiu, urgzti
urgzsi, urgzti
urgzs, urgzti
urgzsime, urgzti
urgzsite, urgzti
urgzčiau, urgzti
urgztum(ei), urgzti
urgztų, urgzti
urgztu(mė)me, urgzti
urgztu(mė)te, urgzti
utilizuoti, utilizuoti
utilizuoju, utilizuoti
utilizuoji, utilizuoti
utilizuoja, utilizuoti
utilizuojame, utilizuoti
utilizuojate, utilizuoti
utilizuok, utilizuoti
utilizuokite, utilizuoti
utilizuokime, utilizuoti
utilizavau, utilizuoti
utilizavai, utilizuoti
utilizavo, utilizuoti
utilizavome, utilizuoti
utilizavote, utilizuoti
utilizuodavau, utilizuoti
utilizuodavai, utilizuoti
utilizuodavo, utilizuoti
utilizuodavome, utilizuoti
utilizuodavote, utilizuoti
utilizuosiu, utilizuoti
utilizuosi, utilizuoti
utilizuos, utilizuoti
utilizuosime, utilizuoti
utilizuosite, utilizuoti
utilizuočiau, utilizuoti
utilizuotum(ei), utilizuoti
utilizuotų, utilizuoti
utilizuotu(mė)me, utilizuoti
utilizuotu(mė)te, utilizuoti
ūžti, ūžti
ūžiu, ūžti
ūži, ūžti
ūžia, ūžti
ūžiame, ūžti
ūžiate, ūžti
ūžk, ūžti
ūžkite, ūžti
ūžkime, ūžti
ūžiau, ūžti
ūžei, ūžti
ūžė, ūžti
ūžėme, ūžti
ūžėte, ūžti
ūždavau, ūžti
ūždavai, ūžti
ūždavo, ūžti
ūždavome, ūžti
ūždavote, ūžti
ūžšiu, ūžti
ūžši, ūžti
ūžš, ūžti
ūžšime, ūžti
ūžšite, ūžti
ūžčiau, ūžti
ūžtum(ei), ūžti
ūžtų, ūžti
ūžtu(mė)me, ūžti
ūžtu(mė)te, ūžti
vadinti, vadinti
vadinu, vadinti
vadini, vadinti
vadina, vadinti
vadiname, vadinti
vadinate, vadinti
vadink, vadinti
vadinkite, vadinti
vadinkime, vadinti
vadinau, vadinti
vadinai, vadinti
vadino, vadinti
vadinome, vadinti
vadinote, vadinti
vadindavau, vadinti
vadindavai, vadinti
vadindavo, vadinti
vadindavome, vadinti
vadindavote, vadinti
vadinsiu, vadinti
vadinsi, vadinti
vadins, vadinti
vadinsime, vadinti
vadinsite, vadinti
vadinčiau, vadinti
vadintum(ei), vadinti
vadintų, vadinti
vadintu(mė)me, vadinti
vadintu(mė)te, vadinti
vadovauti, vadovauti
vadovauju, vadovauti
vadovauji, vadovauti
vadovauja, vadovauti
vadovaujame, vadovauti
vadovaujate, vadovauti
vadovauk, vadovauti
vadovaukite, vadovauti
vadovaukime, vadovauti
vadovavau, vadovauti
vadovavai, vadovauti
vadovavo, vadovauti
vadovavome, vadovauti
vadovavote, vadovauti
vadovaudavau, vadovauti
vadovaudavai, vadovauti
vadovaudavo, vadovauti
vadovaudavome, vadovauti
vadovaudavote, vadovauti
vadovausiu, vadovauti
vadovausi, vadovauti
vadovaus, vadovauti
vadovausime, vadovauti
vadovausite, vadovauti
vadovaučiau, vadovauti
vadovautum(ei), vadovauti
vadovautų, vadovauti
vadovautu(mė)me, vadovauti
vadovautu(mė)te, vadovauti
vadžioti, vadžioti
vadžioju, vadžioti
vadžioji, vadžioti
vadžioja, vadžioti
vadžiojame, vadžioti
vadžiojate, vadžioti
vadžiok, vadžioti
vadžiokite, vadžioti
vadžiokime, vadžioti
vadžiojau, vadžioti
vadžiojai, vadžioti
vadžiojo, vadžioti
vadžiojome, vadžioti
vadžiojote, vadžioti
vadžiodavau, vadžioti
vadžiodavai, vadžioti
vadžiodavo, vadžioti
vadžiodavome, vadžioti
vadžiodavote, vadžioti
vadžiosiu, vadžioti
vadžiosi, vadžioti
vadžios, vadžioti
vadžiosime, vadžioti
vadžiosite, vadžioti
vadžiočiau, vadžioti
vadžiotum(ei), vadžioti
vadžiotų, vadžioti
vadžiotu(mė)me, vadžioti
vadžiotu(mė)te, vadžioti
vagiliauti, vagiliauti
vagiliauju, vagiliauti
vagiliauji, vagiliauti
vagiliauja, vagiliauti
vagiliaujame, vagiliauti
vagiliaujate, vagiliauti
vagiliauk, vagiliauti
vagiliaukite, vagiliauti
vagiliaukime, vagiliauti
vagiliavau, vagiliauti
vagiliavai, vagiliauti
vagiliavo, vagiliauti
vagiliavome, vagiliauti
vagiliavote, vagiliauti
vagiliaudavau, vagiliauti
vagiliaudavai, vagiliauti
vagiliaudavo, vagiliauti
vagiliaudavome, vagiliauti
vagiliaudavote, vagiliauti
vagiliausiu, vagiliauti
vagiliausi, vagiliauti
vagiliaus, vagiliauti
vagiliausime, vagiliauti
vagiliausite, vagiliauti
vagiliaučiau, vagiliauti
vagiliautum(ei), vagiliauti
vagiliautų, vagiliauti
vagiliautu(mė)me, vagiliauti
vagiliautu(mė)te, vagiliauti
vagoti, vagoti
vagoju, vagoti
vagoji, vagoti
vagoja, vagoti
vagojame, vagoti
vagojate, vagoti
vagok, vagoti
vagokite, vagoti
vagokime, vagoti
vagojau, vagoti
vagojai, vagoti
vagojo, vagoti
vagojome, vagoti
vagojote, vagoti
vagodavau, vagoti
vagodavai, vagoti
vagodavo, vagoti
vagodavome, vagoti
vagodavote, vagoti
vagosiu, vagoti
vagosi, vagoti
vagos, vagoti
vagosime, vagoti
vagosite, vagoti
vagočiau, vagoti
vagotum(ei), vagoti
vagotų, vagoti
vagotu(mė)me, vagoti
vagotu(mė)te, vagoti
vaidinti, vaidinti
vaidinu, vaidinti
vaidini, vaidinti
vaidina, vaidinti
vaidiname, vaidinti
vaidinate, vaidinti
vaidink, vaidinti
vaidinkite, vaidinti
vaidinkime, vaidinti
vaidinau, vaidinti
vaidinai, vaidinti
vaidino, vaidinti
vaidinome, vaidinti
vaidinote, vaidinti
vaidindavau, vaidinti
vaidindavai, vaidinti
vaidindavo, vaidinti
vaidindavome, vaidinti
vaidindavote, vaidinti
vaidinsiu, vaidinti
vaidinsi, vaidinti
vaidins, vaidinti
vaidinsime, vaidinti
vaidinsite, vaidinti
vaidinčiau, vaidinti
vaidintum(ei), vaidinti
vaidintų, vaidinti
vaidintu(mė)me, vaidinti
vaidintu(mė)te, vaidinti
vaikščioti, vaikščioti
vaikščioju, vaikščioti
vaikščioji, vaikščioti
vaikščioja, vaikščioti
vaikščiojame, vaikščioti
vaikščiojate, vaikščioti
vaikščiok, vaikščioti
vaikščiokite, vaikščioti
vaikščiokime, vaikščioti
vaikščiojau, vaikščioti
vaikščiojai, vaikščioti
vaikščiojo, vaikščioti
vaikščiojome, vaikščioti
vaikščiojote, vaikščioti
vaikščiodavau, vaikščioti
vaikščiodavai, vaikščioti
vaikščiodavo, vaikščioti
vaikščiodavome, vaikščioti
vaikščiodavote, vaikščioti
vaikščiosiu, vaikščioti
vaikščiosi, vaikščioti
vaikščios, vaikščioti
vaikščiosime, vaikščioti
vaikščiosite, vaikščioti
vaikščiočiau, vaikščioti
vaikščiotum(ei), vaikščioti
vaikščiotų, vaikščioti
vaikščiotu(mė)me, vaikščioti
vaikščiotu(mė)te, vaikščioti
vaikštinėti, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėju, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėji, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėja, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėjame, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėjate, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėk, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėkite, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėkime, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėjau, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėjai, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėjo, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėjome, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėjote, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėdavau, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėdavai, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėdavo, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėdavome, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėdavote, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėsiu, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėsi, vaikštinėti
vaikštinės, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėsime, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėsite, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėčiau, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėtum(ei), vaikštinėti
vaikštinėtų, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėtu(mė)me, vaikštinėti
vaikštinėtu(mė)te, vaikštinėti
vaikyti, vaikyti
vaikau, vaikyti
vaikai, vaikyti
vaiko, vaikyti
vaikome, vaikyti
vaikote, vaikyti
vaikyk, vaikyti
vaikykite, vaikyti
vaikykime, vaikyti
vaikiau, vaikyti
vaikei, vaikyti
vaikė, vaikyti
vaikėme, vaikyti
vaikėte, vaikyti
vaikydavau, vaikyti
vaikydavai, vaikyti
vaikydavo, vaikyti
vaikydavome, vaikyti
vaikydavote, vaikyti
vaikysiu, vaikyti
vaikysi, vaikyti
vaikys, vaikyti
vaikysime, vaikyti
vaikysite, vaikyti
vaikyčiau, vaikyti
vaikytum(ei), vaikyti
vaikytų, vaikyti
vaikytu(mė)me, vaikyti
vaikytu(mė)te, vaikyti
vainikuoti, vainikuoti
vainikuoju, vainikuoti
vainikuoji, vainikuoti
vainikuoja, vainikuoti
vainikuojame, vainikuoti
vainikuojate, vainikuoti
vainikuok, vainikuoti
vainikuokite, vainikuoti
vainikuokime, vainikuoti
vainikavau, vainikuoti
vainikavai, vainikuoti
vainikavo, vainikuoti
vainikavome, vainikuoti
vainikavote, vainikuoti
vainikuodavau, vainikuoti
vainikuodavai, vainikuoti
vainikuodavo, vainikuoti
vainikuodavome, vainikuoti
vainikuodavote, vainikuoti
vainikuosiu, vainikuoti
vainikuosi, vainikuoti
vainikuos, vainikuoti
vainikuosime, vainikuoti
vainikuosite, vainikuoti
vainikuočiau, vainikuoti
vainikuotum(ei), vainikuoti
vainikuotų, vainikuoti
vainikuotu(mė)me, vainikuoti
vainikuotu(mė)te, vainikuoti
vaipyti, vaipyti
vaipau, vaipyti
vaipai, vaipyti
vaipo, vaipyti
vaipome, vaipyti
vaipote, vaipyti
vaipyk, vaipyti
vaipykite, vaipyti
vaipykime, vaipyti
vaipiau, vaipyti
vaipei, vaipyti
vaipė, vaipyti
vaipėme, vaipyti
vaipėte, vaipyti
vaipydavau, vaipyti
vaipydavai, vaipyti
vaipydavo, vaipyti
vaipydavome, vaipyti
vaipydavote, vaipyti
vaipysiu, vaipyti
vaipysi, vaipyti
vaipys, vaipyti
vaipysime, vaipyti
vaipysite, vaipyti
vaipyčiau, vaipyti
vaipytum(ei), vaipyti
vaipytų, vaipyti
vaipytu(mė)me, vaipyti
vaipytu(mė)te, vaipyti
vairuoti, vairuoti
vairuoju, vairuoti
vairuoji, vairuoti
vairuoja, vairuoti
vairuojame, vairuoti
vairuojate, vairuoti
vairuok, vairuoti
vairuokite, vairuoti
vairuokime, vairuoti
vairavau, vairuoti
vairavai, vairuoti
vairavo, vairuoti
vairavome, vairuoti
vairavote, vairuoti
vairuodavau, vairuoti
vairuodavai, vairuoti
vairuodavo, vairuoti
vairuodavome, vairuoti
vairuodavote, vairuoti
vairuosiu, vairuoti
vairuosi, vairuoti
vairuos, vairuoti
vairuosime, vairuoti
vairuosite, vairuoti
vairuočiau, vairuoti
vairuotum(ei), vairuoti
vairuotų, vairuoti
vairuotu(mė)me, vairuoti
vairuotu(mė)te, vairuoti
vaisinti, vaisinti
vaisinu, vaisinti
vaisini, vaisinti
vaisina, vaisinti
vaisiname, vaisinti
vaisinate, vaisinti
vaisink, vaisinti
vaisinkite, vaisinti
vaisinkime, vaisinti
vaisinau, vaisinti
vaisinai, vaisinti
vaisino, vaisinti
vaisinome, vaisinti
vaisinote, vaisinti
vaisindavau, vaisinti
vaisindavai, vaisinti
vaisindavo, vaisinti
vaisindavome, vaisinti
vaisindavote, vaisinti
vaisinsiu, vaisinti
vaisinsi, vaisinti
vaisins, vaisinti
vaisinsime, vaisinti
vaisinsite, vaisinti
vaisinčiau, vaisinti
vaisintum(ei), vaisinti
vaisintų, vaisinti
vaisintu(mė)me, vaisinti
vaisintu(mė)te, vaisinti
vaišinti, vaišinti
vaisinu, vaišinti
vaisini, vaišinti
vaisina, vaišinti
vaisiname, vaišinti
vaisinate, vaišinti
vaišink, vaišinti
vaišinkite, vaišinti
vaišinkime, vaišinti
vaisinau, vaišinti
vaisinai, vaišinti
vaisino, vaišinti
vaisinome, vaišinti
vaisinote, vaišinti
vaišindavau, vaišinti
vaišindavai, vaišinti
vaišindavo, vaišinti
vaišindavome, vaišinti
vaišindavote, vaišinti
vaišinsiu, vaišinti
vaišinsi, vaišinti
vaišins, vaišinti
vaišinsime, vaišinti
vaišinsite, vaišinti
vaišinčiau, vaišinti
vaišintum(ei), vaišinti
vaišintų, vaišinti
vaišintu(mė)me, vaišinti
vaišintu(mė)te, vaišinti
vaizduoti, vaizduoti
vaizduoju, vaizduoti
vaizduoji, vaizduoti
vaizduoja, vaizduoti
vaizduojame, vaizduoti
vaizduojate, vaizduoti
vaizduok, vaizduoti
vaizduokite, vaizduoti
vaizduokime, vaizduoti
vaizdavau, vaizduoti
vaizdavai, vaizduoti
vaizdavo, vaizduoti
vaizdavome, vaizduoti
vaizdavote, vaizduoti
vaizduodavau, vaizduoti
vaizduodavai, vaizduoti
vaizduodavo, vaizduoti
vaizduodavome, vaizduoti
vaizduodavote, vaizduoti
vaizduosiu, vaizduoti
vaizduosi, vaizduoti
vaizduos, vaizduoti
vaizduosime, vaizduoti
vaizduosite, vaizduoti
vaizduočiau, vaizduoti
vaizduotum(ei), vaizduoti
vaizduotų, vaizduoti
vaizduotu(mė)me, vaizduoti
vaizduotu(mė)te, vaizduoti
vakarieniauti, vakarieniauti
vakarieniauju, vakarieniauti
vakarieniauji, vakarieniauti
vakarieniauja, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaujame, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaujate, vakarieniauti
vakarieniauk, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaukite, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaukime, vakarieniauti
vakarieniavau, vakarieniauti
vakarieniavai, vakarieniauti
vakarieniavo, vakarieniauti
vakarieniavome, vakarieniauti
vakarieniavote, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaudavau, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaudavai, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaudavo, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaudavome, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaudavote, vakarieniauti
vakarieniausiu, vakarieniauti
vakarieniausi, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaus, vakarieniauti
vakarieniausime, vakarieniauti
vakarieniausite, vakarieniauti
vakarieniaučiau, vakarieniauti
vakarieniautum(ei), vakarieniauti
vakarieniautų, vakarieniauti
vakarieniautu(mė)me, vakarieniauti
vakarieniautu(mė)te, vakarieniauti
valdyti, valdyti
valdžau, valdyti
valdai, valdyti
valdo, valdyti
valdome, valdyti
valdote, valdyti
valdyk, valdyti
valdykite, valdyti
valdykime, valdyti
valdei, valdyti
valdė, valdyti
valdėme, valdyti
valdėte, valdyti
valdydavau, valdyti
valdydavai, valdyti
valdydavo, valdyti
valdydavome, valdyti
valdydavote, valdyti
valdysiu, valdyti
valdysi, valdyti
valdys, valdyti
valdysime, valdyti
valdysite, valdyti
valdyčiau, valdyti
valdytum(ei), valdyti
valdytų, valdyti
valdytu(mė)me, valdyti
valdytu(mė)te, valdyti
valgydinti, valgydinti
valgydinu, valgydinti
valgydini, valgydinti
valgydina, valgydinti
valgydiname, valgydinti
valgydinate, valgydinti
valgydink, valgydinti
valgydinkite, valgydinti
valgydinkime, valgydinti
valgydinau, valgydinti
valgydinai, valgydinti
valgydino, valgydinti
valgydinome, valgydinti
valgydinote, valgydinti
valgydindavau, valgydinti
valgydindavai, valgydinti
valgydindavo, valgydinti
valgydindavome, valgydinti
valgydindavote, valgydinti
valgydinsiu, valgydinti
valgydinsi, valgydinti
valgydins, valgydinti
valgydinsime, valgydinti
valgydinsite, valgydinti
valgydinčiau, valgydinti
valgydintum(ei), valgydinti
valgydintų, valgydinti
valgydintu(mė)me, valgydinti
valgydintu(mė)te, valgydinti
valgyti, valgyti
valgau, valgyti
valgai, valgyti
valgo, valgyti
valgome, valgyti
valgote, valgyti
valgyk, valgyti
valgykite, valgyti
valgykime, valgyti
valgiau, valgyti
valgei, valgyti
valgė, valgyti
valgėme, valgyti
valgėte, valgyti
valgydavau, valgyti
valgydavai, valgyti
valgydavo, valgyti
valgydavome, valgyti
valgydavote, valgyti
valgysiu, valgyti
valgysi, valgyti
valgys, valgyti
valgysime, valgyti
valgysite, valgyti
valgyčiau, valgyti
valgytum(ei), valgyti
valgytų, valgyti
valgytu(mė)me, valgyti
valgytu(mė)te, valgyti
valioti, valioti
valioju, valioti
valioji, valioti
valioja, valioti
valiojame, valioti
valiojate, valioti
valiok, valioti
valiokite, valioti
valiokime, valioti
valiojau, valioti
valiojai, valioti
valiojo, valioti
valiojome, valioti
valiojote, valioti
valiodavau, valioti
valiodavai, valioti
valiodavo, valioti
valiodavome, valioti
valiodavote, valioti
valiosiu, valioti
valiosi, valioti
valios, valioti
valiosime, valioti
valiosite, valioti
valiočiau, valioti
valiotum(ei), valioti
valiotų, valioti
valiotu(mė)me, valioti
valiotu(mė)te, valioti
valkatauti, valkatauti
valkatauju, valkatauti
valkatauji, valkatauti
valkatauja, valkatauti
valkataujame, valkatauti
valkataujate, valkatauti
valkatauk, valkatauti
valkataukite, valkatauti
valkataukime, valkatauti
valkatavau, valkatauti
valkatavai, valkatauti
valkatavo, valkatauti
valkatavome, valkatauti
valkatavote, valkatauti
valkataudavau, valkatauti
valkataudavai, valkatauti
valkataudavo, valkatauti
valkataudavome, valkatauti
valkataudavote, valkatauti
valkatausiu, valkatauti
valkatausi, valkatauti
valkataus, valkatauti
valkatausime, valkatauti
valkatausite, valkatauti
valkataučiau, valkatauti
valkatautum(ei), valkatauti
valkatautų, valkatauti
valkatautu(mė)me, valkatauti
valkatautu(mė)te, valkatauti
valyti, valyti
valau, valyti
valai, valyti
valo, valyti
valome, valyti
valote, valyti
valyk, valyti
valykite, valyti
valykime, valyti
valiau, valyti
valei, valyti
valė, valyti
valėme, valyti
valėte, valyti
valydavau, valyti
valydavai, valyti
valydavo, valyti
valydavome, valyti
valydavote, valyti
valysiu, valyti
valysi, valyti
valys, valyti
valysime, valyti
valysite, valyti
valyčiau, valyti
valytum(ei), valyti
valytų, valyti
valytu(mė)me, valyti
valytu(mė)te, valyti
vanoti, vanoti
vanoju, vanoti
vanoji, vanoti
vanoja, vanoti
vanojame, vanoti
vanojate, vanoti
vanok, vanoti
vanokite, vanoti
vanokime, vanoti
vanojau, vanoti
vanojai, vanoti
vanojo, vanoti
vanojome, vanoti
vanojote, vanoti
vanodavau, vanoti
vanodavai, vanoti
vanodavo, vanoti
vanodavome, vanoti
vanodavote, vanoti
vanosiu, vanoti
vanosi, vanoti
vanos, vanoti
vanosime, vanoti
vanosite, vanoti
vanočiau, vanoti
vanotum(ei), vanoti
vanotų, vanoti
vanotu(mė)me, vanoti
vanotu(mė)te, vanoti
vardinti, vardinti
vardinu, vardinti
vardini, vardinti
vardina, vardinti
vardiname, vardinti
vardinate, vardinti
vardink, vardinti
vardinkite, vardinti
vardinkime, vardinti
vardinau, vardinti
vardinai, vardinti
vardino, vardinti
vardinome, vardinti
vardinote, vardinti
vardindavau, vardinti
vardindavai, vardinti
vardindavo, vardinti
vardindavome, vardinti
vardindavote, vardinti
vardinsiu, vardinti
vardinsi, vardinti
vardins, vardinti
vardinsime, vardinti
vardinsite, vardinti
vardinčiau, vardinti
vardintum(ei), vardinti
vardintų, vardinti
vardintu(mė)me, vardinti
vardintu(mė)te, vardinti
vardyti, vardyti
vardiju, vardyti
vardiji, vardyti
vardija, vardyti
vardijame, vardyti
vardijate, vardyti
vardyk, vardyti
vardykite, vardyti
vardykime, vardyti
vardijau, vardyti
vardijai, vardyti
vardijo, vardyti
vardijome, vardyti
vardijote, vardyti
vardydavau, vardyti
vardydavai, vardyti
vardydavo, vardyti
vardydavome, vardyti
vardydavote, vardyti
vardysiu, vardyti
vardysi, vardyti
vardis, vardyti
vardysime, vardyti
vardysite, vardyti
vardyčiau, vardyti
vardytum(ei), vardyti
vardytų, vardyti
vardytu(mė)me, vardyti
vardytu(mė)te, vardyti
varginti, varginti
varginu, varginti
vargini, varginti
vargina, varginti
varginame, varginti
varginate, varginti
vargink, varginti
varginkite, varginti
varginkime, varginti
varginau, varginti
varginai, varginti
vargino, varginti
varginome, varginti
varginote, varginti
vargindavau, varginti
vargindavai, varginti
vargindavo, varginti
vargindavome, varginti
vargindavote, varginti
varginsiu, varginti
varginsi, varginti
vargins, varginti
varginsime, varginti
varginsite, varginti
varginčiau, varginti
vargintum(ei), varginti
vargintų, varginti
vargintu(mė)me, varginti
vargintu(mė)te, varginti
vargti, vargti
vargstu, vargti
vargsti, vargti
vargsta, vargti
vargstame, vargti
vargstate, vargti
vark, vargti
varkite, vargti
varkime, vargti
vargau, vargti
vargai, vargti
vargo, vargti
vargome, vargti
vargote, vargti
vargdavau, vargti
vargdavai, vargti
vargdavo, vargti
vargdavome, vargti
vargdavote, vargti
vargsiu, vargti
vargsi, vargti
vargs, vargti
vargsime, vargti
vargsite, vargti
vargčiau, vargti
vargtum(ei), vargti
vargtų, vargti
vargtu(mė)me, vargti
vargtu(mė)te, vargti
varinėti, varinėti
varinėju, varinėti
varinėji, varinėti
varinėja, varinėti
varinėjame, varinėti
varinėjate, varinėti
varinėk, varinėti
varinėkite, varinėti
varinėkime, varinėti
varinėjau, varinėti
varinėjai, varinėti
varinėjo, varinėti
varinėjome, varinėti
varinėjote, varinėti
varinėdavau, varinėti
varinėdavai, varinėti
varinėdavo, varinėti
varinėdavome, varinėti
varinėdavote, varinėti
varinėsiu, varinėti
varinėsi, varinėti
varinės, varinėti
varinėsime, varinėti
varinėsite, varinėti
varinėčiau, varinėti
varinėtum(ei), varinėti
varinėtų, varinėti
varinėtu(mė)me, varinėti
varinėtu(mė)te, varinėti
varstyti, varstyti
varstau, varstyti
varstai, varstyti
varsto, varstyti
varstome, varstyti
varstote, varstyti
varstyk, varstyti
varstykite, varstyti
varstykime, varstyti
varstei, varstyti
varstė, varstyti
varstėme, varstyti
varstėte, varstyti
varstydavau, varstyti
varstydavai, varstyti
varstydavo, varstyti
varstydavome, varstyti
varstydavote, varstyti
varstysiu, varstyti
varstysi, varstyti
varstys, varstyti
varstysime, varstyti
varstysite, varstyti
varstyčiau, varstyti
varstytum(ei), varstyti
varstytų, varstyti
varstytu(mė)me, varstyti
varstytu(mė)te, varstyti
vartoti, vartoti
vartoju, vartoti
vartoji, vartoti
vartoja, vartoti
vartojame, vartoti
vartojate, vartoti
vartok, vartoti
vartokite, vartoti
vartokime, vartoti
vartojau, vartoti
vartojai, vartoti
vartojo, vartoti
vartojome, vartoti
vartojote, vartoti
vartodavau, vartoti
vartodavai, vartoti
vartodavo, vartoti
vartodavome, vartoti
vartodavote, vartoti
vartosiu, vartoti
vartosi, vartoti
vartos, vartoti
vartosime, vartoti
vartosite, vartoti
vartočiau, vartoti
vartotum(ei), vartoti
vartotų, vartoti
vartotu(mė)me, vartoti
vartotu(mė)te, vartoti
vartyti, vartyti
vartau, vartyti
vartai, vartyti
varto, vartyti
vartome, vartyti
vartote, vartyti
vartyk, vartyti
vartykite, vartyti
vartykime, vartyti
vartei, vartyti
vartė, vartyti
vartėme, vartyti
vartėte, vartyti
vartydavau, vartyti
vartydavai, vartyti
vartydavo, vartyti
vartydavome, vartyti
vartydavote, vartyti
vartysiu, vartyti
vartysi, vartyti
vartys, vartyti
vartysime, vartyti
vartysite, vartyti
vartyčiau, vartyti
vartytum(ei), vartyti
vartytų, vartyti
vartytu(mė)me, vartyti
vartytu(mė)te, vartyti
varvėti, varvėti
varvu, varvėti
varvi, varvėti
varva, varvėti
varvame, varvėti
varvate, varvėti
varvėk, varvėti
varvėkite, varvėti
varvėkime, varvėti
varvėjau, varvėti
varvėjai, varvėti
varvėjo, varvėti
varvėjome, varvėti
varvėjote, varvėti
varvėdavau, varvėti
varvėdavai, varvėti
varvėdavo, varvėti
varvėdavome, varvėti
varvėdavote, varvėti
varvėsiu, varvėti
varvėsi, varvėti
varvės, varvėti
varvėsime, varvėti
varvėsite, varvėti
varvėčiau, varvėti
varvėtum(ei), varvėti
varvėtų, varvėti
varvėtu(mė)me, varvėti
varvėtu(mė)te, varvėti
varyti, varyti
varau, varyti
varai, varyti
varo, varyti
varome, varyti
varote, varyti
varyk, varyti
varykite, varyti
varykime, varyti
variau, varyti
varei, varyti
varė, varyti
varėme, varyti
varėte, varyti
varydavau, varyti
varydavai, varyti
varydavo, varyti
varydavome, varyti
varydavote, varyti
varysiu, varyti
varysi, varyti
varys, varyti
varysime, varyti
varysite, varyti
varyčiau, varyti
varytum(ei), varyti
varytų, varyti
varytu(mė)me, varyti
varytu(mė)te, varyti
varžyti, varžyti
varžau, varžyti
varžai, varžyti
varžo, varžyti
varžome, varžyti
varžote, varžyti
varžyk, varžyti
varžykite, varžyti
varžykime, varžyti
varžiau, varžyti
varžei, varžyti
varžė, varžyti
varžėme, varžyti
varžėte, varžyti
varžydavau, varžyti
varžydavai, varžyti
varžydavo, varžyti
varžydavome, varžyti
varžydavote, varžyti
varžysiu, varžyti
varžysi, varžyti
varžys, varžyti
varžysime, varžyti
varžysite, varžyti
varžyčiau, varžyti
varžytum(ei), varžyti
varžytų, varžyti
varžytu(mė)me, varžyti
varžytu(mė)te, varžyti
vasaroti, vasaroti
vasaroju, vasaroti
vasaroji, vasaroti
vasaroja, vasaroti
vasarojame, vasaroti
vasarojate, vasaroti
vasarok, vasaroti
vasarokite, vasaroti
vasarokime, vasaroti
vasarojau, vasaroti
vasarojai, vasaroti
vasarojo, vasaroti
vasarojome, vasaroti
vasarojote, vasaroti
vasarodavau, vasaroti
vasarodavai, vasaroti
vasarodavo, vasaroti
vasarodavome, vasaroti
vasarodavote, vasaroti
vasarosiu, vasaroti
vasarosi, vasaroti
vasaros, vasaroti
vasarosime, vasaroti
vasarosite, vasaroti
vasaročiau, vasaroti
vasarotum(ei), vasaroti
vasarotų, vasaroti
vasarotu(mė)me, vasaroti
vasarotu(mė)te, vasaroti
vaškuoti, vaškuoti
vaškuoju, vaškuoti
vaškuoji, vaškuoti
vaškuoja, vaškuoti
vaškuojame, vaškuoti
vaškuojate, vaškuoti
vaškuok, vaškuoti
vaškuokite, vaškuoti
vaškuokime, vaškuoti
vaškavau, vaškuoti
vaškavai, vaškuoti
vaškavo, vaškuoti
vaškavome, vaškuoti
vaškavote, vaškuoti
vaškuodavau, vaškuoti
vaškuodavai, vaškuoti
vaškuodavo, vaškuoti
vaškuodavome, vaškuoti
vaškuodavote, vaškuoti
vaškuosiu, vaškuoti
vaškuosi, vaškuoti
vaškuos, vaškuoti
vaškuosime, vaškuoti
vaškuosite, vaškuoti
vaškuočiau, vaškuoti
vaškuotum(ei), vaškuoti
vaškuotų, vaškuoti
vaškuotu(mė)me, vaškuoti
vaškuotu(mė)te, vaškuoti
važinėti, važinėti
važinėju, važinėti
važinėji, važinėti
važinėja, važinėti
važinėjame, važinėti
važinėjate, važinėti
važinėk, važinėti
važinėkite, važinėti
važinėkime, važinėti
važinėjau, važinėti
važinėjai, važinėti
važinėjo, važinėti
važinėjome, važinėti
važinėjote, važinėti
važinėdavau, važinėti
važinėdavai, važinėti
važinėdavo, važinėti
važinėdavome, važinėti
važinėdavote, važinėti
važinėsiu, važinėti
važinėsi, važinėti
važinės, važinėti
važinėsime, važinėti
važinėsite, važinėti
važinėčiau, važinėti
važinėtum(ei), važinėti
važinėtų, važinėti
važinėtu(mė)me, važinėti
važinėtu(mė)te, važinėti
važiuoti, važiuoti
važiuoju, važiuoti
važiuoji, važiuoti
važiuoja, važiuoti
važiuojame, važiuoti
važiuojate, važiuoti
važiuok, važiuoti
važiuokite, važiuoti
važiuokime, važiuoti
važiavau, važiuoti
važiavai, važiuoti
važiavo, važiuoti
važiavome, važiuoti
važiavote, važiuoti
važiuodavau, važiuoti
važiuodavai, važiuoti
važiuodavo, važiuoti
važiuodavome, važiuoti
važiuodavote, važiuoti
važiuosiu, važiuoti
važiuosi, važiuoti
važiuos, važiuoti
važiuosime, važiuoti
važiuosite, važiuoti
važiuočiau, važiuoti
važiuotum(ei), važiuoti
važiuotų, važiuoti
važiuotu(mė)me, važiuoti
važiuotu(mė)te, važiuoti
veblenti, veblenti
veblenu, veblenti
vebleni, veblenti
veblena, veblenti
veblename, veblenti
veblenate, veblenti
veblenk, veblenti
veblenkite, veblenti
veblenkime, veblenti
veblenau, veblenti
veblenai, veblenti
vebleno, veblenti
veblenome, veblenti
veblenote, veblenti
veblendavau, veblenti
veblendavai, veblenti
veblendavo, veblenti
veblendavome, veblenti
veblendavote, veblenti
veblensiu, veblenti
veblensi, veblenti
veblens, veblenti
veblensime, veblenti
veblensite, veblenti
veblenčiau, veblenti
veblentum(ei), veblenti
veblentų, veblenti
veblentu(mė)me, veblenti
veblentu(mė)te, veblenti
vėdinti, vėdinti
vėdinu, vėdinti
vėdini, vėdinti
vėdina, vėdinti
vėdiname, vėdinti
vėdinate, vėdinti
vėdink, vėdinti
vėdinkite, vėdinti
vėdinkime, vėdinti
vėdinau, vėdinti
vėdinai, vėdinti
vėdino, vėdinti
vėdinome, vėdinti
vėdinote, vėdinti
vėdindavau, vėdinti
vėdindavai, vėdinti
vėdindavo, vėdinti
vėdindavome, vėdinti
vėdindavote, vėdinti
vėdinsiu, vėdinti
vėdinsi, vėdinti
vėdins, vėdinti
vėdinsime, vėdinti
vėdinsite, vėdinti
vėdinčiau, vėdinti
vėdintum(ei), vėdinti
vėdintų, vėdinti
vėdintu(mė)me, vėdinti
vėdintu(mė)te, vėdinti
vedžioti, vedžioti
vedžioju, vedžioti
vedžioji, vedžioti
vedžioja, vedžioti
vedžiojame, vedžioti
vedžiojate, vedžioti
vedžiok, vedžioti
vedžiokite, vedžioti
vedžiokime, vedžioti
vedžiojau, vedžioti
vedžiojai, vedžioti
vedžiojo, vedžioti
vedžiojome, vedžioti
vedžiojote, vedžioti
vedžiodavau, vedžioti
vedžiodavai, vedžioti
vedžiodavo, vedžioti
vedžiodavome, vedžioti
vedžiodavote, vedžioti
vedžiosiu, vedžioti
vedžiosi, vedžioti
vedžios, vedžioti
vedžiosime, vedžioti
vedžiosite, vedžioti
vedžiočiau, vedžioti
vedžiotum(ei), vedžioti
vedžiotų, vedžioti
vedžiotu(mė)me, vedžioti
vedžiotu(mė)te, vedžioti
veidmainiauti, veidmainiauti
veidmainiauju, veidmainiauti
veidmainiauji, veidmainiauti
veidmainiauja, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaujame, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaujate, veidmainiauti
veidmainiauk, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaukite, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaukime, veidmainiauti
veidmainiavau, veidmainiauti
veidmainiavai, veidmainiauti
veidmainiavo, veidmainiauti
veidmainiavome, veidmainiauti
veidmainiavote, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaudavau, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaudavai, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaudavo, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaudavome, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaudavote, veidmainiauti
veidmainiausiu, veidmainiauti
veidmainiausi, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaus, veidmainiauti
veidmainiausime, veidmainiauti
veidmainiausite, veidmainiauti
veidmainiaučiau, veidmainiauti
veidmainiautum(ei), veidmainiauti
veidmainiautų, veidmainiauti
veidmainiautu(mė)me, veidmainiauti
veidmainiautu(mė)te, veidmainiauti
veikti, veikti
veikiu, veikti
veiki, veikti
veikia, veikti
veikiame, veikti
veikiate, veikti
veik, veikti
veikite, veikti
veikime, veikti
veikiau, veikti
veikei, veikti
veikė, veikti
veikėme, veikti
veikėte, veikti
veikdavau, veikti
veikdavai, veikti
veikdavo, veikti
veikdavome, veikti
veikdavote, veikti
veiksiu, veikti
veiksi, veikti
veiks, veikti
veiksime, veikti
veiksite, veikti
veikčiau, veikti
veiktum(ei), veikti
veiktų, veikti
veiktu(mė)me, veikti
veiktu(mė)te, veikti
veisti, veisti
veisiu, veisti
veisi, veisti
veisia, veisti
veisiame, veisti
veisiate, veisti
veisk, veisti
veiskite, veisti
veiskime, veisti
veitei, veisti
veitė, veisti
veitėme, veisti
veitėte, veisti
veisdavau, veisti
veisdavai, veisti
veisdavo, veisti
veisdavome, veisti
veisdavote, veisti
veisiu, veisti
veisi, veisti
veis, veisti
veisime, veisti
veisite, veisti
veisčiau, veisti
veistum(ei), veisti
veistų, veisti
veistu(mė)me, veisti
veistu(mė)te, veisti
veizėti, veizėti
veizėju, veizėti
veizėji, veizėti
veizėja, veizėti
veizėjame, veizėti
veizėjate, veizėti
veizėk, veizėti
veizėkite, veizėti
veizėkime, veizėti
veizėjau, veizėti
veizėjai, veizėti
veizėjo, veizėti
veizėjome, veizėti
veizėjote, veizėti
veizėdavau, veizėti
veizėdavai, veizėti
veizėdavo, veizėti
veizėdavome, veizėti
veizėdavote, veizėti
veizėsiu, veizėti
veizėsi, veizėti
veizės, veizėti
veizėsime, veizėti
veizėsite, veizėti
veizėčiau, veizėti
veizėtum(ei), veizėti
veizėtų, veizėti
veizėtu(mė)me, veizėti
veizėtu(mė)te, veizėti
vėjuoti, vėjuoti
vėjuoju, vėjuoti
vėjuoji, vėjuoti
vėjuoja, vėjuoti
vėjuojame, vėjuoti
vėjuojate, vėjuoti
vėjuok, vėjuoti
vėjuokite, vėjuoti
vėjuokime, vėjuoti
vėjavau, vėjuoti
vėjavai, vėjuoti
vėjavo, vėjuoti
vėjavome, vėjuoti
vėjavote, vėjuoti
vėjuodavau, vėjuoti
vėjuodavai, vėjuoti
vėjuodavo, vėjuoti
vėjuodavome, vėjuoti
vėjuodavote, vėjuoti
vėjuosiu, vėjuoti
vėjuosi, vėjuoti
vėjuos, vėjuoti
vėjuosime, vėjuoti
vėjuosite, vėjuoti
vėjuočiau, vėjuoti
vėjuotum(ei), vėjuoti
vėjuotų, vėjuoti
vėjuotu(mė)me, vėjuoti
vėjuotu(mė)te, vėjuoti
vėlinti, vėlinti
vėlinu, vėlinti
vėlini, vėlinti
vėlina, vėlinti
vėliname, vėlinti
vėlinate, vėlinti
vėlink, vėlinti
vėlinkite, vėlinti
vėlinkime, vėlinti
vėlinau, vėlinti
vėlinai, vėlinti
vėlino, vėlinti
vėlinome, vėlinti
vėlinote, vėlinti
vėlindavau, vėlinti
vėlindavai, vėlinti
vėlindavo, vėlinti
vėlindavome, vėlinti
vėlindavote, vėlinti
vėlinsiu, vėlinti
vėlinsi, vėlinti
vėlins, vėlinti
vėlinsime, vėlinti
vėlinsite, vėlinti
vėlinčiau, vėlinti
vėlintum(ei), vėlinti
vėlintų, vėlinti
vėlintu(mė)me, vėlinti
vėlintu(mė)te, vėlinti
velti, velti
veliu, velti
veli, velti
velia, velti
veliame, velti
veliate, velti
velk, velti
velkite, velti
velkime, velti
vėliau, velti
vėlei, velti
vėlė, velti
vėlėme, velti
vėlėte, velti
veldavau, velti
veldavai, velti
veldavo, velti
veldavome, velti
veldavote, velti
velsiu, velti
velsi, velti
vels, velti
velsime, velti
velsite, velti
velčiau, velti
veltum(ei), velti
veltų, velti
veltu(mė)me, velti
veltu(mė)te, velti
vėluoti, vėluoti
vėluoju, vėluoti
vėluoji, vėluoti
vėluoja, vėluoti
vėluojame, vėluoti
vėluojate, vėluoti
vėluok, vėluoti
vėluokite, vėluoti
vėluokime, vėluoti
vėlavau, vėluoti
vėlavai, vėluoti
vėlavo, vėluoti
vėlavome, vėluoti
vėlavote, vėluoti
vėluodavau, vėluoti
vėluodavai, vėluoti
vėluodavo, vėluoti
vėluodavome, vėluoti
vėluodavote, vėluoti
vėluosiu, vėluoti
vėluosi, vėluoti
vėluos, vėluoti
vėluosime, vėluoti
vėluosite, vėluoti
vėluočiau, vėluoti
vėluotum(ei), vėluoti
vėluotų, vėluoti
vėluotu(mė)me, vėluoti
vėluotu(mė)te, vėluoti
vemti, vemti
vemiu, vemti
vemi, vemti
vemia, vemti
vemiame, vemti
vemiate, vemti
vemk, vemti
vemkite, vemti
vemkime, vemti
vėmiau, vemti
vėmei, vemti
vėmė, vemti
vėmėme, vemti
vėmėte, vemti
vemdavau, vemti
vemdavai, vemti
vemdavo, vemti
vemdavome, vemti
vemdavote, vemti
vemsiu, vemti
vemsi, vemti
vems, vemti
vemsime, vemti
vemsite, vemti
vemčiau, vemti
vemtum(ei), vemti
vemtų, vemti
vemtu(mė)me, vemti
vemtu(mė)te, vemti
vengti, vengti
vengiu, vengti
vengi, vengti
vengia, vengti
vengiame, vengti
vengiate, vengti
venk, vengti
venkite, vengti
venkime, vengti
vengiau, vengti
vengei, vengti
vengė, vengti
vengėme, vengti
vengėte, vengti
vengdavau, vengti
vengdavai, vengti
vengdavo, vengti
vengdavome, vengti
vengdavote, vengti
vengsiu, vengti
vengsi, vengti
vengs, vengti
vengsime, vengti
vengsite, vengti
vengčiau, vengti
vengtum(ei), vengti
vengtų, vengti
vengtu(mė)me, vengti
vengtu(mė)te, vengti
vergauti, vergauti
vergauju, vergauti
vergauji, vergauti
vergauja, vergauti
vergaujame, vergauti
vergaujate, vergauti
vergauk, vergauti
vergaukite, vergauti
vergaukime, vergauti
vergavau, vergauti
vergavai, vergauti
vergavo, vergauti
vergavome, vergauti
vergavote, vergauti
vergaudavau, vergauti
vergaudavai, vergauti
vergaudavo, vergauti
vergaudavome, vergauti
vergaudavote, vergauti
vergausiu, vergauti
vergausi, vergauti
vergaus, vergauti
vergausime, vergauti
vergausite, vergauti
vergaučiau, vergauti
vergautum(ei), vergauti
vergautų, vergauti
vergautu(mė)me, vergauti
vergautu(mė)te, vergauti
verkšlenti, verkšlenti
verkšlenu, verkšlenti
verkšleni, verkšlenti
verkšlena, verkšlenti
verkšlename, verkšlenti
verkšlenate, verkšlenti
verkšlenk, verkšlenti
verkšlenkite, verkšlenti
verkšlenkime, verkšlenti
verkšlenau, verkšlenti
verkšlenai, verkšlenti
verkšleno, verkšlenti
verkšlenome, verkšlenti
verkšlenote, verkšlenti
verkšlendavau, verkšlenti
verkšlendavai, verkšlenti
verkšlendavo, verkšlenti
verkšlendavome, verkšlenti
verkšlendavote, verkšlenti
verkšlensiu, verkšlenti
verkšlensi, verkšlenti
verkšlens, verkšlenti
verkšlensime, verkšlenti
verkšlensite, verkšlenti
verkšlenčiau, verkšlenti
verkšlentum(ei), verkšlenti
verkšlentų, verkšlenti
verkšlentu(mė)me, verkšlenti
verkšlentu(mė)te, verkšlenti
verkti, verkti
verkiu, verkti
verki, verkti
verkia, verkti
verkiame, verkti
verkiate, verkti
verk, verkti
verkite, verkti
verkime, verkti
verkiau, verkti
verkei, verkti
verkė, verkti
verkėme, verkti
verkėte, verkti
verkdavau, verkti
verkdavai, verkti
verkdavo, verkti
verkdavome, verkti
verkdavote, verkti
verksiu, verkti
verksi, verkti
verks, verkti
verksime, verkti
verksite, verkti
verkčiau, verkti
verktum(ei), verkti
verktų, verkti
verktu(mė)me, verkti
verktu(mė)te, verkti
verpti, verpti
verpiu, verpti
verpi, verpti
verpia, verpti
verpiame, verpti
verpiate, verpti
verpk, verpti
verpkite, verpti
verpkime, verpti
verpiau, verpti
verpei, verpti
verpė, verpti
verpėme, verpti
verpėte, verpti
verpdavau, verpti
verpdavai, verpti
verpdavo, verpti
verpdavome, verpti
verpdavote, verpti
verpsiu, verpti
verpsi, verpti
verps, verpti
verpsime, verpti
verpsite, verpti
verpčiau, verpti
verptum(ei), verpti
verptų, verpti
verptu(mė)me, verpti
verptu(mė)te, verpti
versti, versti
verčiu, versti
verči, versti
verčia, versti
verčiame, versti
verčiate, versti
versk, versti
verskite, versti
verskime, versti
vertei, versti
vertė, versti
vertėme, versti
vertėte, versti
versdavau, versti
versdavai, versti
versdavo, versti
versdavome, versti
versdavote, versti
versiu, versti
versi, versti
vers, versti
versime, versti
versite, versti
versčiau, versti
verstum(ei), versti
verstų, versti
verstu(mė)me, versti
verstu(mė)te, versti
vertėjauti, vertėjauti
vertėjauju, vertėjauti
vertėjauji, vertėjauti
vertėjauja, vertėjauti
vertėjaujame, vertėjauti
vertėjaujate, vertėjauti
vertėjauk, vertėjauti
vertėjaukite, vertėjauti
vertėjaukime, vertėjauti
vertėjavau, vertėjauti
vertėjavai, vertėjauti
vertėjavo, vertėjauti
vertėjavome, vertėjauti
vertėjavote, vertėjauti
vertėjaudavau, vertėjauti
vertėjaudavai, vertėjauti
vertėjaudavo, vertėjauti
vertėjaudavome, vertėjauti
vertėjaudavote, vertėjauti
vertėjausiu, vertėjauti
vertėjausi, vertėjauti
vertėjaus, vertėjauti
vertėjausime, vertėjauti
vertėjausite, vertėjauti
vertėjaučiau, vertėjauti
vertėjautum(ei), vertėjauti
vertėjautų, vertėjauti
vertėjautu(mė)me, vertėjauti
vertėjautu(mė)te, vertėjauti
vertėti, vertėti
vertėju, vertėti
vertėji, vertėti
vertėja, vertėti
vertėjame, vertėti
vertėjate, vertėti
vertėk, vertėti
vertėkite, vertėti
vertėkime, vertėti
vertėjau, vertėti
vertėjai, vertėti
vertėjo, vertėti
vertėjome, vertėti
vertėjote, vertėti
vertėdavau, vertėti
vertėdavai, vertėti
vertėdavo, vertėti
vertėdavome, vertėti
vertėdavote, vertėti
vertėsiu, vertėti
vertėsi, vertėti
vertės, vertėti
vertėsime, vertėti
vertėsite, vertėti
vertėčiau, vertėti
vertėtum(ei), vertėti
vertėtų, vertėti
vertėtu(mė)me, vertėti
vertėtu(mė)te, vertėti
verti, verti
veriu, verti
veri, verti
veria, verti
veriame, verti
veriate, verti
verk, verti
verkite, verti
verkime, verti
vėriau, verti
vėrei, verti
vėrė, verti
vėrėme, verti
vėrėte, verti
verdavau, verti
verdavai, verti
verdavo, verti
verdavome, verti
verdavote, verti
versiu, verti
versi, verti
vers, verti
versime, verti
versite, verti
verčiau, verti
vertum(ei), verti
vertų, verti
vertu(mė)me, verti
vertu(mė)te, verti
vertinti, vertinti
vertinu, vertinti
vertini, vertinti
vertina, vertinti
vertiname, vertinti
vertinate, vertinti
vertink, vertinti
vertinkite, vertinti
vertinkime, vertinti
vertinau, vertinti
vertinai, vertinti
vertino, vertinti
vertinome, vertinti
vertinote, vertinti
vertindavau, vertinti
vertindavai, vertinti
vertindavo, vertinti
vertindavome, vertinti
vertindavote, vertinti
vertinsiu, vertinti
vertinsi, vertinti
vertins, vertinti
vertinsime, vertinti
vertinsite, vertinti
vertinčiau, vertinti
vertintum(ei), vertinti
vertintų, vertinti
vertintu(mė)me, vertinti
vertintu(mė)te, vertinti
vešėti, vešėti
vešiu, vešėti
veši, vešėti
veši, vešėti
vešime, vešėti
vešite, vešėti
vešėk, vešėti
vešėkite, vešėti
vešėkime, vešėti
vešėjau, vešėti
vešėjai, vešėti
vešėjo, vešėti
vešėjome, vešėti
vešėjote, vešėti
vešėdavau, vešėti
vešėdavai, vešėti
vešėdavo, vešėti
vešėdavome, vešėti
vešėdavote, vešėti
vešėsiu, vešėti
vešėsi, vešėti
vešės, vešėti
vešėsime, vešėti
vešėsite, vešėti
vešėčiau, vešėti
vešėtum(ei), vešėti
vešėtų, vešėti
vešėtu(mė)me, vešėti
vešėtu(mė)te, vešėti
vesti, vesti
vedžu, vesti
vedi, vesti
veda, vesti
vedame, vesti
vedate, vesti
vesk, vesti
veskite, vesti
veskime, vesti
vedei, vesti
vedė, vesti
vedėme, vesti
vedėte, vesti
vesdavau, vesti
vesdavai, vesti
vesdavo, vesti
vesdavome, vesti
vesdavote, vesti
vesiu, vesti
vesi, vesti
ves, vesti
vesime, vesti
vesite, vesti
vesčiau, vesti
vestum(ei), vesti
vestų, vesti
vestu(mė)me, vesti
vestu(mė)te, vesti
vėsti, vėsti
vėstu, vėsti
vėsti, vėsti
vėsta, vėsti
vėstame, vėsti
vėstate, vėsti
vėsk, vėsti
vėskite, vėsti
vėskime, vėsti
vėsau, vėsti
vėsai, vėsti
vėso, vėsti
vėsome, vėsti
vėsote, vėsti
vėsdavau, vėsti
vėsdavai, vėsti
vėsdavo, vėsti
vėsdavome, vėsti
vėsdavote, vėsti
vėsiu, vėsti
vėsi, vėsti
vės, vėsti
vėsime, vėsti
vėsite, vėsti
vėsčiau, vėsti
vėstum(ei), vėsti
vėstų, vėsti
vėstu(mė)me, vėsti
vėstu(mė)te, vėsti
vežioti, vežioti
vežioju, vežioti
vežioji, vežioti
vežioja, vežioti
vežiojame, vežioti
vežiojate, vežioti
vežiok, vežioti
vežiokite, vežioti
vežiokime, vežioti
vežiojau, vežioti
vežiojai, vežioti
vežiojo, vežioti
vežiojome, vežioti
vežiojote, vežioti
vežiodavau, vežioti
vežiodavai, vežioti
vežiodavo, vežioti
vežiodavome, vežioti
vežiodavote, vežioti
vežiosiu, vežioti
vežiosi, vežioti
vežios, vežioti
vežiosime, vežioti
vežiosite, vežioti
vežiočiau, vežioti
vežiotum(ei), vežioti
vežiotų, vežioti
vežiotu(mė)me, vežioti
vežiotu(mė)te, vežioti
vežti, vežti
vežu, vežti
veži, vežti
veža, vežti
vežame, vežti
vežate, vežti
vežk, vežti
vežkite, vežti
vežkime, vežti
vežiau, vežti
vežei, vežti
vežė, vežti
vežėme, vežti
vežėte, vežti
veždavau, vežti
veždavai, vežti
veždavo, vežti
veždavome, vežti
veždavote, vežti
vežšiu, vežti
vežši, vežti
vežš, vežti
vežšime, vežti
vežšite, vežti
vežčiau, vežti
vežtum(ei), vežti
vežtų, vežti
vežtu(mė)me, vežti
vežtu(mė)te, vežti
viduriuoti, viduriuoti
viduriuoju, viduriuoti
viduriuoji, viduriuoti
viduriuoja, viduriuoti
viduriuojame, viduriuoti
viduriuojate, viduriuoti
viduriuok, viduriuoti
viduriuokite, viduriuoti
viduriuokime, viduriuoti
viduriavau, viduriuoti
viduriavai, viduriuoti
viduriavo, viduriuoti
viduriavome, viduriuoti
viduriavote, viduriuoti
viduriuodavau, viduriuoti
viduriuodavai, viduriuoti
viduriuodavo, viduriuoti
viduriuodavome, viduriuoti
viduriuodavote, viduriuoti
viduriuosiu, viduriuoti
viduriuosi, viduriuoti
viduriuos, viduriuoti
viduriuosime, viduriuoti
viduriuosite, viduriuoti
viduriuočiau, viduriuoti
viduriuotum(ei), viduriuoti
viduriuotų, viduriuoti
viduriuotu(mė)me, viduriuoti
viduriuotu(mė)te, viduriuoti
vienodinti, vienodinti
vienodinu, vienodinti
vienodini, vienodinti
vienodina, vienodinti
vienodiname, vienodinti
vienodinate, vienodinti
vienodink, vienodinti
vienodinkite, vienodinti
vienodinkime, vienodinti
vienodinau, vienodinti
vienodinai, vienodinti
vienodino, vienodinti
vienodinome, vienodinti
vienodinote, vienodinti
vienodindavau, vienodinti
vienodindavai, vienodinti
vienodindavo, vienodinti
vienodindavome, vienodinti
vienodindavote, vienodinti
vienodinsiu, vienodinti
vienodinsi, vienodinti
vienodins, vienodinti
vienodinsime, vienodinti
vienodinsite, vienodinti
vienodinčiau, vienodinti
vienodintum(ei), vienodinti
vienodintų, vienodinti
vienodintu(mė)me, vienodinti
vienodintu(mė)te, vienodinti
vienyti, vienyti
vieniju, vienyti
vieniji, vienyti
vienija, vienyti
vienijame, vienyti
vienijate, vienyti
vienyk, vienyti
vienykite, vienyti
vienykime, vienyti
vienijau, vienyti
vienijai, vienyti
vienijo, vienyti
vienijome, vienyti
vienijote, vienyti
vienydavau, vienyti
vienydavai, vienyti
vienydavo, vienyti
vienydavome, vienyti
vienydavote, vienyti
vienysiu, vienyti
vienysi, vienyti
vienis, vienyti
vienysime, vienyti
vienysite, vienyti
vienyčiau, vienyti
vienytum(ei), vienyti
vienytų, vienyti
vienytu(mė)me, vienyti
vienytu(mė)te, vienyti
viešeti, viešeti
viešiu, viešeti
vieši, viešeti
vieši, viešeti
viešime, viešeti
viešite, viešeti
viešek, viešeti
viešekite, viešeti
viešekime, viešeti
viešėjau, viešeti
viešėjai, viešeti
viešėjo, viešeti
viešėjome, viešeti
viešėjote, viešeti
viešedavau, viešeti
viešedavai, viešeti
viešedavo, viešeti
viešedavome, viešeti
viešedavote, viešeti
viešesiu, viešeti
viešesi, viešeti
viešes, viešeti
viešesime, viešeti
viešesite, viešeti
viešečiau, viešeti
viešetum(ei), viešeti
viešetų, viešeti
viešetu(mė)me, viešeti
viešetu(mė)te, viešeti
viešėti, viešėti
viešiu, viešėti
vieši, viešėti
vieši, viešėti
viešime, viešėti
viešite, viešėti
viešėk, viešėti
viešėkite, viešėti
viešėkime, viešėti
viešėjau, viešėti
viešėjai, viešėti
viešėjo, viešėti
viešėjome, viešėti
viešėjote, viešėti
viešėdavau, viešėti
viešėdavai, viešėti
viešėdavo, viešėti
viešėdavome, viešėti
viešėdavote, viešėti
viešėsiu, viešėti
viešėsi, viešėti
viešės, viešėti
viešėsime, viešėti
viešėsite, viešėti
viešėčiau, viešėti
viešėtum(ei), viešėti
viešėtų, viešėti
viešėtu(mė)me, viešėti
viešėtu(mė)te, viešėti
viešinti, viešinti
viešinu, viešinti
viešini, viešinti
viešina, viešinti
viešiname, viešinti
viešinate, viešinti
viešink, viešinti
viešinkite, viešinti
viešinkime, viešinti
viešinau, viešinti
viešinai, viešinti
viešino, viešinti
viešinome, viešinti
viešinote, viešinti
viešindavau, viešinti
viešindavai, viešinti
viešindavo, viešinti
viešindavome, viešinti
viešindavote, viešinti
viešinsiu, viešinti
viešinsi, viešinti
viešins, viešinti
viešinsime, viešinti
viešinsite, viešinti
viešinčiau, viešinti
viešintum(ei), viešinti
viešintų, viešinti
viešintu(mė)me, viešinti
viešintu(mė)te, viešinti
viešpatauti, viešpatauti
viešpatauju, viešpatauti
viešpatauji, viešpatauti
viešpatauja, viešpatauti
viešpataujame, viešpatauti
viešpataujate, viešpatauti
viešpatauk, viešpatauti
viešpataukite, viešpatauti
viešpataukime, viešpatauti
viešpatavau, viešpatauti
viešpatavai, viešpatauti
viešpatavo, viešpatauti
viešpatavome, viešpatauti
viešpatavote, viešpatauti
viešpataudavau, viešpatauti
viešpataudavai, viešpatauti
viešpataudavo, viešpatauti
viešpataudavome, viešpatauti
viešpataudavote, viešpatauti
viešpatausiu, viešpatauti
viešpatausi, viešpatauti
viešpataus, viešpatauti
viešpatausime, viešpatauti
viešpatausite, viešpatauti
viešpataučiau, viešpatauti
viešpatautum(ei), viešpatauti
viešpatautų, viešpatauti
viešpatautu(mė)me, viešpatauti
viešpatautu(mė)te, viešpatauti
vilioti, vilioti
vilioju, vilioti
vilioji, vilioti
vilioja, vilioti
viliojame, vilioti
viliojate, vilioti
viliok, vilioti
viliokite, vilioti
viliokime, vilioti
viliojau, vilioti
viliojai, vilioti
viliojo, vilioti
viliojome, vilioti
viliojote, vilioti
viliodavau, vilioti
viliodavai, vilioti
viliodavo, vilioti
viliodavome, vilioti
viliodavote, vilioti
viliosiu, vilioti
viliosi, vilioti
vilios, vilioti
viliosime, vilioti
viliosite, vilioti
viliočiau, vilioti
viliotum(ei), vilioti
viliotų, vilioti
viliotu(mė)me, vilioti
viliotu(mė)te, vilioti
vilkėti, vilkėti
vilkiu, vilkėti
vilki, vilkėti
vilki, vilkėti
vilkime, vilkėti
vilkite, vilkėti
vilkėk, vilkėti
vilkėkite, vilkėti
vilkėkime, vilkėti
vilkėjau, vilkėti
vilkėjai, vilkėti
vilkėjo, vilkėti
vilkėjome, vilkėti
vilkėjote, vilkėti
vilkėdavau, vilkėti
vilkėdavai, vilkėti
vilkėdavo, vilkėti
vilkėdavome, vilkėti
vilkėdavote, vilkėti
vilkėsiu, vilkėti
vilkėsi, vilkėti
vilkės, vilkėti
vilkėsime, vilkėti
vilkėsite, vilkėti
vilkėčiau, vilkėti
vilkėtum(ei), vilkėti
vilkėtų, vilkėti
vilkėtu(mė)me, vilkėti
vilkėtu(mė)te, vilkėti
vilkinti, vilkinti
vilkinu, vilkinti
vilkini, vilkinti
vilkina, vilkinti
vilkiname, vilkinti
vilkinate, vilkinti
vilkink, vilkinti
vilkinkite, vilkinti
vilkinkime, vilkinti
vilkinau, vilkinti
vilkinai, vilkinti
vilkino, vilkinti
vilkinome, vilkinti
vilkinote, vilkinti
vilkindavau, vilkinti
vilkindavai, vilkinti
vilkindavo, vilkinti
vilkindavome, vilkinti
vilkindavote, vilkinti
vilkinsiu, vilkinti
vilkinsi, vilkinti
vilkins, vilkinti
vilkinsime, vilkinti
vilkinsite, vilkinti
vilkinčiau, vilkinti
vilkintum(ei), vilkinti
vilkintų, vilkinti
vilkintu(mė)me, vilkinti
vilkintu(mė)te, vilkinti
vilkti, vilkti
velku, vilkti
velki, vilkti
velka, vilkti
velkame, vilkti
velkate, vilkti
vilk, vilkti
vilkite, vilkti
vilkime, vilkti
vilkau, vilkti
vilkai, vilkti
vilko, vilkti
vilkome, vilkti
vilkote, vilkti
vilkdavau, vilkti
vilkdavai, vilkti
vilkdavo, vilkti
vilkdavome, vilkti
vilkdavote, vilkti
vilksiu, vilkti
vilksi, vilkti
vilks, vilkti
vilksime, vilkti
vilksite, vilkti
vilkčiau, vilkti
vilktum(ei), vilkti
vilktų, vilkti
vilktu(mė)me, vilkti
vilktu(mė)te, vilkti
vilnyti, vilnyti
vilniju, vilnyti
vilniji, vilnyti
vilnija, vilnyti
vilnijame, vilnyti
vilnijate, vilnyti
vilnyk, vilnyti
vilnykite, vilnyti
vilnykime, vilnyti
vilnijau, vilnyti
vilnijai, vilnyti
vilnijo, vilnyti
vilnijome, vilnyti
vilnijote, vilnyti
vilnydavau, vilnyti
vilnydavai, vilnyti
vilnydavo, vilnyti
vilnydavome, vilnyti
vilnydavote, vilnyti
vilnysiu, vilnyti
vilnysi, vilnyti
vilnis, vilnyti
vilnysime, vilnyti
vilnysite, vilnyti
vilnyčiau, vilnyti
vilnytum(ei), vilnyti
vilnytų, vilnyti
vilnytu(mė)me, vilnyti
vilnytu(mė)te, vilnyti
vilti, vilti
viliu, vilti
vili, vilti
vilia, vilti
viliame, vilti
viliate, vilti
vilk, vilti
vilkite, vilti
vilkime, vilti
vyliau, vilti
vylei, vilti
vylė, vilti
vylėme, vilti
vylėte, vilti
vildavau, vilti
vildavai, vilti
vildavo, vilti
vildavome, vilti
vildavote, vilti
vilsiu, vilti
vilsi, vilti
vils, vilti
vilsime, vilti
vilsite, vilti
vilčiau, vilti
viltum(ei), vilti
viltų, vilti
viltu(mė)me, vilti
viltu(mė)te, vilti
vingiuoti, vingiuoti
vingiuoju, vingiuoti
vingiuoji, vingiuoti
vingiuoja, vingiuoti
vingiuojame, vingiuoti
vingiuojate, vingiuoti
vingiuok, vingiuoti
vingiuokite, vingiuoti
vingiuokime, vingiuoti
vingiavau, vingiuoti
vingiavai, vingiuoti
vingiavo, vingiuoti
vingiavome, vingiuoti
vingiavote, vingiuoti
vingiuodavau, vingiuoti
vingiuodavai, vingiuoti
vingiuodavo, vingiuoti
vingiuodavome, vingiuoti
vingiuodavote, vingiuoti
vingiuosiu, vingiuoti
vingiuosi, vingiuoti
vingiuos, vingiuoti
vingiuosime, vingiuoti
vingiuosite, vingiuoti
vingiuočiau, vingiuoti
vingiuotum(ei), vingiuoti
vingiuotų, vingiuoti
vingiuotu(mė)me, vingiuoti
vingiuotu(mė)te, vingiuoti
virbti, virbti
virbstu, virbti
virbsti, virbti
virbsta, virbti
virbstame, virbti
virbstate, virbti
virbk, virbti
virbkite, virbti
virbkime, virbti
virbau, virbti
virbai, virbti
virbo, virbti
virbome, virbti
virbote, virbti
virbdavau, virbti
virbdavai, virbti
virbdavo, virbti
virbdavome, virbti
virbdavote, virbti
virbsiu, virbti
virbsi, virbti
virbs, virbti
virbsime, virbti
virbsite, virbti
virbčiau, virbti
virbtum(ei), virbti
virbtų, virbti
virbtu(mė)me, virbti
virbtu(mė)te, virbti
virinti, virinti
virinu, virinti
virini, virinti
virina, virinti
viriname, virinti
virinate, virinti
virink, virinti
virinkite, virinti
virinkime, virinti
virinau, virinti
virinai, virinti
virino, virinti
virinome, virinti
virinote, virinti
virindavau, virinti
virindavai, virinti
virindavo, virinti
virindavome, virinti
virindavote, virinti
virinsiu, virinti
virinsi, virinti
virins, virinti
virinsime, virinti
virinsite, virinti
virinčiau, virinti
virintum(ei), virinti
virintų, virinti
virintu(mė)me, virinti
virintu(mė)te, virinti
virkdyti, virkdyti
virkdžau, virkdyti
virkdai, virkdyti
virkdo, virkdyti
virkdome, virkdyti
virkdote, virkdyti
virkdyk, virkdyti
virkdykite, virkdyti
virkdykime, virkdyti
virkdei, virkdyti
virkdė, virkdyti
virkdėme, virkdyti
virkdėte, virkdyti
virkdydavau, virkdyti
virkdydavai, virkdyti
virkdydavo, virkdyti
virkdydavome, virkdyti
virkdydavote, virkdyti
virkdysiu, virkdyti
virkdysi, virkdyti
virkdys, virkdyti
virkdysime, virkdyti
virkdysite, virkdyti
virkdyčiau, virkdyti
virkdytum(ei), virkdyti
virkdytų, virkdyti
virkdytu(mė)me, virkdyti
virkdytu(mė)te, virkdyti
virpėti, virpėti
virpu, virpėti
virpi, virpėti
virpa, virpėti
virpame, virpėti
virpate, virpėti
virpėk, virpėti
virpėkite, virpėti
virpėkime, virpėti
virpėjau, virpėti
virpėjai, virpėti
virpėjo, virpėti
virpėjome, virpėti
virpėjote, virpėti
virpėdavau, virpėti
virpėdavai, virpėti
virpėdavo, virpėti
virpėdavome, virpėti
virpėdavote, virpėti
virpėsiu, virpėti
virpėsi, virpėti
virpės, virpėti
virpėsime, virpėti
virpėsite, virpėti
virpėčiau, virpėti
virpėtum(ei), virpėti
virpėtų, virpėti
virpėtu(mė)me, virpėti
virpėtu(mė)te, virpėti
virškinti, virškinti
virškinu, virškinti
virškini, virškinti
virškina, virškinti
virškiname, virškinti
virškinate, virškinti
virškink, virškinti
virškinkite, virškinti
virškinkime, virškinti
virškinau, virškinti
virškinai, virškinti
virškino, virškinti
virškinome, virškinti
virškinote, virškinti
virškindavau, virškinti
virškindavai, virškinti
virškindavo, virškinti
virškindavome, virškinti
virškindavote, virškinti
virškinsiu, virškinti
virškinsi, virškinti
virškins, virškinti
virškinsime, virškinti
virškinsite, virškinti
virškinčiau, virškinti
virškintum(ei), virškinti
virškintų, virškinti
virškintu(mė)me, virškinti
virškintu(mė)te, virškinti
virsti, virsti
virstu, virsti
virsti, virsti
virsta, virsti
virstame, virsti
virstate, virsti
virsk, virsti
virskite, virsti
virskime, virsti
virtau, virsti
virtai, virsti
virto, virsti
virtome, virsti
virtote, virsti
virsdavau, virsti
virsdavai, virsti
virsdavo, virsti
virsdavome, virsti
virsdavote, virsti
virsiu, virsti
virsi, virsti
virs, virsti
virsime, virsti
virsite, virsti
virsčiau, virsti
virstum(ei), virsti
virstų, virsti
virstu(mė)me, virsti
virstu(mė)te, virsti
viršyti, viršyti
viršiju, viršyti
viršiji, viršyti
viršija, viršyti
viršijame, viršyti
viršijate, viršyti
viršyk, viršyti
viršykite, viršyti
viršykime, viršyti
viršijau, viršyti
viršijai, viršyti
viršijo, viršyti
viršijome, viršyti
viršijote, viršyti
viršydavau, viršyti
viršydavai, viršyti
viršydavo, viršyti
viršydavome, viršyti
viršydavote, viršyti
viršysiu, viršyti
viršysi, viršyti
viršis, viršyti
viršysime, viršyti
viršysite, viršyti
viršyčiau, viršyti
viršytum(ei), viršyti
viršytų, viršyti
viršytu(mė)me, viršyti
viršytu(mė)te, viršyti
virti, virti
verdžu, virti
verdi, virti
verda, virti
verdame, virti
verdate, virti
virk, virti
virkite, virti
virkime, virti
viriau, virti
virei, virti
virė, virti
virėme, virti
virėte, virti
virdavau, virti
virdavai, virti
virdavo, virti
virdavome, virti
virdavote, virti
virsiu, virti
virsi, virti
virs, virti
virsime, virti
virsite, virti
virčiau, virti
virtum(ei), virti
virtų, virti
virtu(mė)me, virti
virtu(mė)te, virti
visti, visti
vystu, visti
vysti, visti
vysta, visti
vystame, visti
vystate, visti
visk, visti
viskite, visti
viskime, visti
visau, visti
visai, visti
viso, visti
visome, visti
visote, visti
visdavau, visti
visdavai, visti
visdavo, visti
visdavome, visti
visdavote, visti
visiu, visti
visi, visti
vis, visti
visime, visti
visite, visti
visčiau, visti
vistum(ei), visti
vistų, visti
vistu(mė)me, visti
vistu(mė)te, visti
vizgėti, vizgėti
vizgu, vizgėti
vizgi, vizgėti
vizga, vizgėti
vizgame, vizgėti
vizgate, vizgėti
vizgėk, vizgėti
vizgėkite, vizgėti
vizgėkime, vizgėti
vizgėjau, vizgėti
vizgėjai, vizgėti
vizgėjo, vizgėti
vizgėjome, vizgėti
vizgėjote, vizgėti
vizgėdavau, vizgėti
vizgėdavai, vizgėti
vizgėdavo, vizgėti
vizgėdavome, vizgėti
vizgėdavote, vizgėti
vizgėsiu, vizgėti
vizgėsi, vizgėti
vizgės, vizgėti
vizgėsime, vizgėti
vizgėsite, vizgėti
vizgėčiau, vizgėti
vizgėtum(ei), vizgėti
vizgėtų, vizgėti
vizgėtu(mė)me, vizgėti
vizgėtu(mė)te, vizgėti
vizginti, vizginti
vizginu, vizginti
vizgini, vizginti
vizgina, vizginti
vizginame, vizginti
vizginate, vizginti
vizgink, vizginti
vizginkite, vizginti
vizginkime, vizginti
vizginau, vizginti
vizginai, vizginti
vizgino, vizginti
vizginome, vizginti
vizginote, vizginti
vizgindavau, vizginti
vizgindavai, vizginti
vizgindavo, vizginti
vizgindavome, vizginti
vizgindavote, vizginti
vizginsiu, vizginti
vizginsi, vizginti
vizgins, vizginti
vizginsime, vizginti
vizginsite, vizginti
vizginčiau, vizginti
vizgintum(ei), vizginti
vizgintų, vizginti
vizgintu(mė)me, vizginti
vizgintu(mė)te, vizginti
vogti, vogti
vagiu, vogti
vagi, vogti
vagia, vogti
vagiame, vogti
vagiate, vogti
vok, vogti
vokite, vogti
vokime, vogti
vogiau, vogti
vogei, vogti
vogė, vogti
vogėme, vogti
vogėte, vogti
vogdavau, vogti
vogdavai, vogti
vogdavo, vogti
vogdavome, vogti
vogdavote, vogti
vogsiu, vogti
vogsi, vogti
vogs, vogti
vogsime, vogti
vogsite, vogti
vogčiau, vogti
vogtum(ei), vogti
vogtų, vogti
vogtu(mė)me, vogti
vogtu(mė)te, vogti
vožti, vožti
vožiu, vožti
voži, vožti
vožia, vožti
vožiame, vožti
vožiate, vožti
vožk, vožti
vožkite, vožti
vožkime, vožti
vožiau, vožti
vožei, vožti
vožė, vožti
vožėme, vožti
vožėte, vožti
voždavau, vožti
voždavai, vožti
voždavo, vožti
voždavome, vožti
voždavote, vožti
vožšiu, vožti
vožši, vožti
vožš, vožti
vožšime, vožti
vožšite, vožti
vožčiau, vožti
vožtum(ei), vožti
vožtų, vožti
vožtu(mė)me, vožti
vožtu(mė)te, vožti
vykdyti, vykdyti
vykdžau, vykdyti
vykdai, vykdyti
vykdo, vykdyti
vykdome, vykdyti
vykdote, vykdyti
vykdyk, vykdyti
vykdykite, vykdyti
vykdykime, vykdyti
vykdei, vykdyti
vykdė, vykdyti
vykdėme, vykdyti
vykdėte, vykdyti
vykdydavau, vykdyti
vykdydavai, vykdyti
vykdydavo, vykdyti
vykdydavome, vykdyti
vykdydavote, vykdyti
vykdysiu, vykdyti
vykdysi, vykdyti
vykdys, vykdyti
vykdysime, vykdyti
vykdysite, vykdyti
vykdyčiau, vykdyti
vykdytum(ei), vykdyti
vykdytų, vykdyti
vykdytu(mė)me, vykdyti
vykdytu(mė)te, vykdyti
vykti, vykti
vykstu, vykti
vyksti, vykti
vyksta, vykti
vykstame, vykti
vykstate, vykti
vyk, vykti
vykite, vykti
vykime, vykti
vykau, vykti
vykai, vykti
vyko, vykti
vykome, vykti
vykote, vykti
vykdavau, vykti
vykdavai, vykti
vykdavo, vykti
vykdavome, vykti
vykdavote, vykti
vyksiu, vykti
vyksi, vykti
vyks, vykti
vyksime, vykti
vyksite, vykti
vykčiau, vykti
vyktum(ei), vykti
vyktų, vykti
vyktu(mė)me, vykti
vyktu(mė)te, vykti
vynioti, vynioti
vynioju, vynioti
vynioji, vynioti
vynioja, vynioti
vyniojame, vynioti
vyniojate, vynioti
vyniok, vynioti
vyniokite, vynioti
vyniokime, vynioti
vyniojau, vynioti
vyniojai, vynioti
vyniojo, vynioti
vyniojome, vynioti
vyniojote, vynioti
vyniodavau, vynioti
vyniodavai, vynioti
vyniodavo, vynioti
vyniodavome, vynioti
vyniodavote, vynioti
vyniosiu, vynioti
vyniosi, vynioti
vynios, vynioti
vyniosime, vynioti
vyniosite, vynioti
vyniočiau, vynioti
vyniotum(ei), vynioti
vyniotų, vynioti
vyniotu(mė)me, vynioti
vyniotu(mė)te, vynioti
vyptelėti, vyptelėti
vyptelėju, vyptelėti
vyptelėji, vyptelėti
vyptelėja, vyptelėti
vyptelėjame, vyptelėti
vyptelėjate, vyptelėti
vyptelėk, vyptelėti
vyptelėkite, vyptelėti
vyptelėkime, vyptelėti
vyptelėjau, vyptelėti
vyptelėjai, vyptelėti
vyptelėjo, vyptelėti
vyptelėjome, vyptelėti
vyptelėjote, vyptelėti
vyptelėdavau, vyptelėti
vyptelėdavai, vyptelėti
vyptelėdavo, vyptelėti
vyptelėdavome, vyptelėti
vyptelėdavote, vyptelėti
vyptelėsiu, vyptelėti
vyptelėsi, vyptelėti
vyptelės, vyptelėti
vyptelėsime, vyptelėti
vyptelėsite, vyptelėti
vyptelėčiau, vyptelėti
vyptelėtum(ei), vyptelėti
vyptelėtų, vyptelėti
vyptelėtu(mė)me, vyptelėti
vyptelėtu(mė)te, vyptelėti
vyrauti, vyrauti
vyrauju, vyrauti
vyrauji, vyrauti
vyrauja, vyrauti
vyraujame, vyrauti
vyraujate, vyrauti
vyrauk, vyrauti
vyraukite, vyrauti
vyraukime, vyrauti
vyravau, vyrauti
vyravai, vyrauti
vyravo, vyrauti
vyravome, vyrauti
vyravote, vyrauti
vyraudavau, vyrauti
vyraudavai, vyrauti
vyraudavo, vyrauti
vyraudavome, vyrauti
vyraudavote, vyrauti
vyrausiu, vyrauti
vyrausi, vyrauti
vyraus, vyrauti
vyrausime, vyrauti
vyrausite, vyrauti
vyraučiau, vyrauti
vyrautum(ei), vyrauti
vyrautų, vyrauti
vyrautu(mė)me, vyrauti
vyrautu(mė)te, vyrauti
vysti, vysti
vystu, vysti
vysti, vysti
vysta, vysti
vystame, vysti
vystate, vysti
vysk, vysti
vyskite, vysti
vyskime, vysti
vytau, vysti
vytai, vysti
vyto, vysti
vytome, vysti
vytote, vysti
vysdavau, vysti
vysdavai, vysti
vysdavo, vysti
vysdavome, vysti
vysdavote, vysti
vysiu, vysti
vysi, vysti
vys, vysti
vysime, vysti
vysite, vysti
vysčiau, vysti
vystum(ei), vysti
vystų, vysti
vystu(mė)me, vysti
vystu(mė)te, vysti
vystyti, vystyti
vystau, vystyti
vystai, vystyti
vysto, vystyti
vystome, vystyti
vystote, vystyti
vystyk, vystyti
vystykite, vystyti
vystykime, vystyti
vystei, vystyti
vystė, vystyti
vystėme, vystyti
vystėte, vystyti
vystydavau, vystyti
vystydavai, vystyti
vystydavo, vystyti
vystydavome, vystyti
vystydavote, vystyti
vystysiu, vystyti
vystysi, vystyti
vystys, vystyti
vystysime, vystyti
vystysite, vystyti
vystyčiau, vystyti
vystytum(ei), vystyti
vystytų, vystyti
vystytu(mė)me, vystyti
vystytu(mė)te, vystyti
vyti, vyti
veju, vyti
veji, vyti
veja, vyti
vejame, vyti
vejate, vyti
vyk, vyti
vykite, vyti
vykime, vyti
vijau, vyti
vijai, vyti
vijo, vyti
vijome, vyti
vijote, vyti
vydavau, vyti
vydavai, vyti
vydavo, vyti
vydavome, vyti
vydavote, vyti
vysiu, vyti
vysi, vyti
vys, vyti
vysime, vyti
vysite, vyti
vyčiau, vyti
vytum(ei), vyti
vytų, vyti
vytu(mė)me, vyti
vytu(mė)te, vyti
žabalti, žabalti
žabąlu, žabalti
žabąli, žabalti
žabąla, žabalti
žabąlame, žabalti
žabąlate, žabalti
žabalk, žabalti
žabalkite, žabalti
žabalkime, žabalti
žabalau, žabalti
žabalai, žabalti
žabalo, žabalti
žabalome, žabalti
žabalote, žabalti
žabaldavau, žabalti
žabaldavai, žabalti
žabaldavo, žabalti
žabaldavome, žabalti
žabaldavote, žabalti
žabalsiu, žabalti
žabalsi, žabalti
žabals, žabalti
žabalsime, žabalti
žabalsite, žabalti
žabalčiau, žabalti
žabaltum(ei), žabalti
žabaltų, žabalti
žabaltu(mė)me, žabalti
žabaltu(mė)te, žabalti
žadėti, žadėti
žadžu, žadėti
žadi, žadėti
žada, žadėti
žadame, žadėti
žadate, žadėti
žadėk, žadėti
žadėkite, žadėti
žadėkime, žadėti
žadėjau, žadėti
žadėjai, žadėti
žadėjo, žadėti
žadėjome, žadėti
žadėjote, žadėti
žadėdavau, žadėti
žadėdavai, žadėti
žadėdavo, žadėti
žadėdavome, žadėti
žadėdavote, žadėti
žadėsiu, žadėti
žadėsi, žadėti
žadės, žadėti
žadėsime, žadėti
žadėsite, žadėti
žadėčiau, žadėti
žadėtum(ei), žadėti
žadėtų, žadėti
žadėtu(mė)me, žadėti
žadėtu(mė)te, žadėti
žadinti, žadinti
žadinu, žadinti
žadini, žadinti
žadina, žadinti
žadiname, žadinti
žadinate, žadinti
žadink, žadinti
žadinkite, žadinti
žadinkime, žadinti
žadinau, žadinti
žadinai, žadinti
žadino, žadinti
žadinome, žadinti
žadinote, žadinti
žadindavau, žadinti
žadindavai, žadinti
žadindavo, žadinti
žadindavome, žadinti
žadindavote, žadinti
žadinsiu, žadinti
žadinsi, žadinti
žadins, žadinti
žadinsime, žadinti
žadinsite, žadinti
žadinčiau, žadinti
žadintum(ei), žadinti
žadintų, žadinti
žadintu(mė)me, žadinti
žadintu(mė)te, žadinti
žagsėti, žagsėti
žagsiu, žagsėti
žagsi, žagsėti
žagsi, žagsėti
žagsime, žagsėti
žagsite, žagsėti
žagsėk, žagsėti
žagsėkite, žagsėti
žagsėkime, žagsėti
žagsėjau, žagsėti
žagsėjai, žagsėti
žagsėjo, žagsėti
žagsėjome, žagsėti
žagsėjote, žagsėti
žagsėdavau, žagsėti
žagsėdavai, žagsėti
žagsėdavo, žagsėti
žagsėdavome, žagsėti
žagsėdavote, žagsėti
žagsėsiu, žagsėti
žagsėsi, žagsėti
žagsės, žagsėti
žagsėsime, žagsėti
žagsėsite, žagsėti
žagsėčiau, žagsėti
žagsėtum(ei), žagsėti
žagsėtų, žagsėti
žagsėtu(mė)me, žagsėti
žagsėtu(mė)te, žagsėti
žaibuoti, žaibuoti
žaibuoju, žaibuoti
žaibuoji, žaibuoti
žaibuoja, žaibuoti
žaibuojame, žaibuoti
žaibuojate, žaibuoti
žaibuok, žaibuoti
žaibuokite, žaibuoti
žaibuokime, žaibuoti
žaibavau, žaibuoti
žaibavai, žaibuoti
žaibavo, žaibuoti
žaibavome, žaibuoti
žaibavote, žaibuoti
žaibuodavau, žaibuoti
žaibuodavai, žaibuoti
žaibuodavo, žaibuoti
žaibuodavome, žaibuoti
žaibuodavote, žaibuoti
žaibuosiu, žaibuoti
žaibuosi, žaibuoti
žaibuos, žaibuoti
žaibuosime, žaibuoti
žaibuosite, žaibuoti
žaibuočiau, žaibuoti
žaibuotum(ei), žaibuoti
žaibuotų, žaibuoti
žaibuotu(mė)me, žaibuoti
žaibuotu(mė)te, žaibuoti
žaisti, žaisti
žaidžiu, žaisti
žaidži, žaisti
žaidžia, žaisti
žaidžiame, žaisti
žaidžiate, žaisti
žaisk, žaisti
žaiskite, žaisti
žaiskime, žaisti
žaidei, žaisti
žaidė, žaisti
žaidėme, žaisti
žaidėte, žaisti
žaisdavau, žaisti
žaisdavai, žaisti
žaisdavo, žaisti
žaisdavome, žaisti
žaisdavote, žaisti
žaisiu, žaisti
žaisi, žaisti
žais, žaisti
žaisime, žaisti
žaisite, žaisti
žaisčiau, žaisti
žaistum(ei), žaisti
žaistų, žaisti
žaistu(mė)me, žaisti
žaistu(mė)te, žaisti
žaižaruoti, žaižaruoti
žaižaruoju, žaižaruoti
žaižaruoji, žaižaruoti
žaižaruoja, žaižaruoti
žaižaruojame, žaižaruoti
žaižaruojate, žaižaruoti
žaižaruok, žaižaruoti
žaižaruokite, žaižaruoti
žaižaruokime, žaižaruoti
žaižaravau, žaižaruoti
žaižaravai, žaižaruoti
žaižaravo, žaižaruoti
žaižaravome, žaižaruoti
žaižaravote, žaižaruoti
žaižaruodavau, žaižaruoti
žaižaruodavai, žaižaruoti
žaižaruodavo, žaižaruoti
žaižaruodavome, žaižaruoti
žaižaruodavote, žaižaruoti
žaižaruosiu, žaižaruoti
žaižaruosi, žaižaruoti
žaižaruos, žaižaruoti
žaižaruosime, žaižaruoti
žaižaruosite, žaižaruoti
žaižaruočiau, žaižaruoti
žaižaruotum(ei), žaižaruoti
žaižaruotų, žaižaruoti
žaižaruotu(mė)me, žaižaruoti
žaižaruotu(mė)te, žaižaruoti
žalėti, žalėti
žalėju, žalėti
žalėji, žalėti
žalėja, žalėti
žalėjame, žalėti
žalėjate, žalėti
žalėk, žalėti
žalėkite, žalėti
žalėkime, žalėti
žalėjau, žalėti
žalėjai, žalėti
žalėjo, žalėti
žalėjome, žalėti
žalėjote, žalėti
žalėdavau, žalėti
žalėdavai, žalėti
žalėdavo, žalėti
žalėdavome, žalėti
žalėdavote, žalėti
žalėsiu, žalėti
žalėsi, žalėti
žalės, žalėti
žalėsime, žalėti
žalėsite, žalėti
žalėčiau, žalėti
žalėtum(ei), žalėti
žalėtų, žalėti
žalėtu(mė)me, žalėti
žalėtu(mė)te, žalėti
žalinti, žalinti
žalinu, žalinti
žalini, žalinti
žalina, žalinti
žaliname, žalinti
žalinate, žalinti
žalink, žalinti
žalinkite, žalinti
žalinkime, žalinti
žalinau, žalinti
žalinai, žalinti
žalino, žalinti
žalinome, žalinti
žalinote, žalinti
žalindavau, žalinti
žalindavai, žalinti
žalindavo, žalinti
žalindavome, žalinti
žalindavote, žalinti
žalinsiu, žalinti
žalinsi, žalinti
žalins, žalinti
žalinsime, žalinti
žalinsite, žalinti
žalinčiau, žalinti
žalintum(ei), žalinti
žalintų, žalinti
žalintu(mė)me, žalinti
žalintu(mė)te, žalinti
žaliuoti, žaliuoti
žaliuoju, žaliuoti
žaliuoji, žaliuoti
žaliuoja, žaliuoti
žaliuojame, žaliuoti
žaliuojate, žaliuoti
žaliuok, žaliuoti
žaliuokite, žaliuoti
žaliuokime, žaliuoti
žaliavau, žaliuoti
žaliavai, žaliuoti
žaliavo, žaliuoti
žaliavome, žaliuoti
žaliavote, žaliuoti
žaliuodavau, žaliuoti
žaliuodavai, žaliuoti
žaliuodavo, žaliuoti
žaliuodavome, žaliuoti
žaliuodavote, žaliuoti
žaliuosiu, žaliuoti
žaliuosi, žaliuoti
žaliuos, žaliuoti
žaliuosime, žaliuoti
žaliuosite, žaliuoti
žaliuočiau, žaliuoti
žaliuotum(ei), žaliuoti
žaliuotų, žaliuoti
žaliuotu(mė)me, žaliuoti
žaliuotu(mė)te, žaliuoti
žaloti, žaloti
žaloju, žaloti
žaloji, žaloti
žaloja, žaloti
žalojame, žaloti
žalojate, žaloti
žalok, žaloti
žalokite, žaloti
žalokime, žaloti
žalojau, žaloti
žalojai, žaloti
žalojo, žaloti
žalojome, žaloti
žalojote, žaloti
žalodavau, žaloti
žalodavai, žaloti
žalodavo, žaloti
žalodavome, žaloti
žalodavote, žaloti
žalosiu, žaloti
žalosi, žaloti
žalos, žaloti
žalosime, žaloti
žalosite, žaloti
žaločiau, žaloti
žalotum(ei), žaloti
žalotų, žaloti
žalotu(mė)me, žaloti
žalotu(mė)te, žaloti
žavėti, žavėti
žaviu, žavėti
žavi, žavėti
žavi, žavėti
žavime, žavėti
žavite, žavėti
žavėk, žavėti
žavėkite, žavėti
žavėkime, žavėti
žavėjau, žavėti
žavėjai, žavėti
žavėjo, žavėti
žavėjome, žavėti
žavėjote, žavėti
žavėdavau, žavėti
žavėdavai, žavėti
žavėdavo, žavėti
žavėdavome, žavėti
žavėdavote, žavėti
žavėsiu, žavėti
žavėsi, žavėti
žavės, žavėti
žavėsime, žavėti
žavėsite, žavėti
žavėčiau, žavėti
žavėtum(ei), žavėti
žavėtų, žavėti
žavėtu(mė)me, žavėti
žavėtu(mė)te, žavėti
žeisti, žeisti
žeidžiu, žeisti
žeidži, žeisti
žeidžia, žeisti
žeidžiame, žeisti
žeidžiate, žeisti
žeisk, žeisti
žeiskite, žeisti
žeiskime, žeisti
žeidei, žeisti
žeidė, žeisti
žeidėme, žeisti
žeidėte, žeisti
žeisdavau, žeisti
žeisdavai, žeisti
žeisdavo, žeisti
žeisdavome, žeisti
žeisdavote, žeisti
žeisiu, žeisti
žeisi, žeisti
žeis, žeisti
žeisime, žeisti
žeisite, žeisti
žeisčiau, žeisti
žeistum(ei), žeisti
žeistų, žeisti
žeistu(mė)me, žeisti
žeistu(mė)te, žeisti
želti, želti
želiu, želti
želi, želti
želia, želti
želiame, želti
želiate, želti
želk, želti
želkite, želti
želkime, želti
žėliau, želti
žėlei, želti
žėlė, želti
žėlėme, želti
žėlėte, želti
želdavau, želti
želdavai, želti
želdavo, želti
želdavome, želti
želdavote, želti
želsiu, želti
želsi, želti
žels, želti
želsime, želti
želsite, želti
želčiau, želti
želtum(ei), želti
želtų, želti
želtu(mė)me, želti
želtu(mė)te, želti
žemėti, žemėti
žemėju, žemėti
žemėji, žemėti
žemėja, žemėti
žemėjame, žemėti
žemėjate, žemėti
žemėk, žemėti
žemėkite, žemėti
žemėkime, žemėti
žemėjau, žemėti
žemėjai, žemėti
žemėjo, žemėti
žemėjome, žemėti
žemėjote, žemėti
žemėdavau, žemėti
žemėdavai, žemėti
žemėdavo, žemėti
žemėdavome, žemėti
žemėdavote, žemėti
žemėsiu, žemėti
žemėsi, žemėti
žemės, žemėti
žemėsime, žemėti
žemėsite, žemėti
žemėčiau, žemėti
žemėtum(ei), žemėti
žemėtų, žemėti
žemėtu(mė)me, žemėti
žemėtu(mė)te, žemėti
žeminti, žeminti
žeminu, žeminti
žemini, žeminti
žemina, žeminti
žeminame, žeminti
žeminate, žeminti
žemink, žeminti
žeminkite, žeminti
žeminkime, žeminti
žeminau, žeminti
žeminai, žeminti
žemino, žeminti
žeminome, žeminti
žeminote, žeminti
žemindavau, žeminti
žemindavai, žeminti
žemindavo, žeminti
žemindavome, žeminti
žemindavote, žeminti
žeminsiu, žeminti
žeminsi, žeminti
žemins, žeminti
žeminsime, žeminti
žeminsite, žeminti
žeminčiau, žeminti
žemintum(ei), žeminti
žemintų, žeminti
žemintu(mė)me, žeminti
žemintu(mė)te, žeminti
žengti, žengti
žengiu, žengti
žengi, žengti
žengia, žengti
žengiame, žengti
žengiate, žengti
ženk, žengti
ženkite, žengti
ženkime, žengti
žengiau, žengti
žengei, žengti
žengė, žengti
žengėme, žengti
žengėte, žengti
žengdavau, žengti
žengdavai, žengti
žengdavo, žengti
žengdavome, žengti
žengdavote, žengti
žengsiu, žengti
žengsi, žengti
žengs, žengti
žengsime, žengti
žengsite, žengti
žengčiau, žengti
žengtum(ei), žengti
žengtų, žengti
žengtu(mė)me, žengti
žengtu(mė)te, žengti
ženklinti, ženklinti
ženklinu, ženklinti
ženklini, ženklinti
ženklina, ženklinti
ženkliname, ženklinti
ženklinate, ženklinti
ženklink, ženklinti
ženklinkite, ženklinti
ženklinkime, ženklinti
ženklinau, ženklinti
ženklinai, ženklinti
ženklino, ženklinti
ženklinome, ženklinti
ženklinote, ženklinti
ženklindavau, ženklinti
ženklindavai, ženklinti
ženklindavo, ženklinti
ženklindavome, ženklinti
ženklindavote, ženklinti
ženklinsiu, ženklinti
ženklinsi, ženklinti
ženklins, ženklinti
ženklinsime, ženklinti
ženklinsite, ženklinti
ženklinčiau, ženklinti
ženklintum(ei), ženklinti
ženklintų, ženklinti
ženklintu(mė)me, ženklinti
ženklintu(mė)te, ženklinti
žėrėti, žėrėti
žėriu, žėrėti
žėri, žėrėti
žėri, žėrėti
žėrime, žėrėti
žėrite, žėrėti
žėrėk, žėrėti
žėrėkite, žėrėti
žėrėkime, žėrėti
žėrėjau, žėrėti
žėrėjai, žėrėti
žėrėjo, žėrėti
žėrėjome, žėrėti
žėrėjote, žėrėti
žėrėdavau, žėrėti
žėrėdavai, žėrėti
žėrėdavo, žėrėti
žėrėdavome, žėrėti
žėrėdavote, žėrėti
žėrėsiu, žėrėti
žėrėsi, žėrėti
žėrės, žėrėti
žėrėsime, žėrėti
žėrėsite, žėrėti
žėrėčiau, žėrėti
žėrėtum(ei), žėrėti
žėrėtų, žėrėti
žėrėtu(mė)me, žėrėti
žėrėtu(mė)te, žėrėti
žerti, žerti
žeriu, žerti
žeri, žerti
žeria, žerti
žeriame, žerti
žeriate, žerti
žerk, žerti
žerkite, žerti
žerkime, žerti
žėriau, žerti
žėrei, žerti
žėrė, žerti
žėrėme, žerti
žėrėte, žerti
žerdavau, žerti
žerdavai, žerti
žerdavo, žerti
žerdavome, žerti
žerdavote, žerti
žersiu, žerti
žersi, žerti
žers, žerti
žersime, žerti
žersite, žerti
žerčiau, žerti
žertum(ei), žerti
žertų, žerti
žertu(mė)me, žerti
žertu(mė)te, žerti
žiaukčioti, žiaukčioti
žiaukčioju, žiaukčioti
žiaukčioji, žiaukčioti
žiaukčioja, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiojame, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiojate, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiok, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiokite, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiokime, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiojau, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiojai, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiojo, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiojome, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiojote, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiodavau, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiodavai, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiodavo, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiodavome, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiodavote, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiosiu, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiosi, žiaukčioti
žiaukčios, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiosime, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiosite, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiočiau, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiotum(ei), žiaukčioti
žiaukčiotų, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiotu(mė)me, žiaukčioti
žiaukčiotu(mė)te, žiaukčioti
žibėti, žibėti
žibu, žibėti
žibi, žibėti
žiba, žibėti
žibame, žibėti
žibate, žibėti
žibėk, žibėti
žibėkite, žibėti
žibėkime, žibėti
žibėjau, žibėti
žibėjai, žibėti
žibėjo, žibėti
žibėjome, žibėti
žibėjote, žibėti
žibėdavau, žibėti
žibėdavai, žibėti
žibėdavo, žibėti
žibėdavome, žibėti
žibėdavote, žibėti
žibėsiu, žibėti
žibėsi, žibėti
žibės, žibėti
žibėsime, žibėti
žibėsite, žibėti
žibėčiau, žibėti
žibėtum(ei), žibėti
žibėtų, žibėti
žibėtu(mė)me, žibėti
žibėtu(mė)te, žibėti
žiebti, žiebti
žiebiu, žiebti
žiebi, žiebti
žiebia, žiebti
žiebiame, žiebti
žiebiate, žiebti
žiebk, žiebti
žiebkite, žiebti
žiebkime, žiebti
žiebiau, žiebti
žiebei, žiebti
žiebė, žiebti
žiebėme, žiebti
žiebėte, žiebti
žiebdavau, žiebti
žiebdavai, žiebti
žiebdavo, žiebti
žiebdavome, žiebti
žiebdavote, žiebti
žiebsiu, žiebti
žiebsi, žiebti
žiebs, žiebti
žiebsime, žiebti
žiebsite, žiebti
žiebčiau, žiebti
žiebtum(ei), žiebti
žiebtų, žiebti
žiebtu(mė)me, žiebti
žiebtu(mė)te, žiebti
žiemoti, žiemoti
žiemoju, žiemoti
žiemoji, žiemoti
žiemoja, žiemoti
žiemojame, žiemoti
žiemojate, žiemoti
žiemok, žiemoti
žiemokite, žiemoti
žiemokime, žiemoti
žiemojau, žiemoti
žiemojai, žiemoti
žiemojo, žiemoti
žiemojome, žiemoti
žiemojote, žiemoti
žiemodavau, žiemoti
žiemodavai, žiemoti
žiemodavo, žiemoti
žiemodavome, žiemoti
žiemodavote, žiemoti
žiemosiu, žiemoti
žiemosi, žiemoti
žiemos, žiemoti
žiemosime, žiemoti
žiemosite, žiemoti
žiemočiau, žiemoti
žiemotum(ei), žiemoti
žiemotų, žiemoti
žiemotu(mė)me, žiemoti
žiemotu(mė)te, žiemoti
žiesti, žiesti
žiedžiu, žiesti
žiedži, žiesti
žiedžia, žiesti
žiedžiame, žiesti
žiedžiate, žiesti
žiesk, žiesti
žieskite, žiesti
žieskime, žiesti
žiedei, žiesti
žiedė, žiesti
žiedėme, žiesti
žiedėte, žiesti
žiesdavau, žiesti
žiesdavai, žiesti
žiesdavo, žiesti
žiesdavome, žiesti
žiesdavote, žiesti
žiesiu, žiesti
žiesi, žiesti
žies, žiesti
žiesime, žiesti
žiesite, žiesti
žiesčiau, žiesti
žiestum(ei), žiesti
žiestų, žiesti
žiestu(mė)me, žiesti
žiestu(mė)te, žiesti
žindyti, žindyti
žindžau, žindyti
žindai, žindyti
žindo, žindyti
žindome, žindyti
žindote, žindyti
žindyk, žindyti
žindykite, žindyti
žindykime, žindyti
žindei, žindyti
žindė, žindyti
žindėme, žindyti
žindėte, žindyti
žindydavau, žindyti
žindydavai, žindyti
žindydavo, žindyti
žindydavome, žindyti
žindydavote, žindyti
žindysiu, žindyti
žindysi, žindyti
žindys, žindyti
žindysime, žindyti
žindysite, žindyti
žindyčiau, žindyti
žindytum(ei), žindyti
žindytų, žindyti
žindytu(mė)me, žindyti
žindytu(mė)te, žindyti
žingsniuoti, žingsniuoti
žingsniuoju, žingsniuoti
žingsniuoji, žingsniuoti
žingsniuoja, žingsniuoti
žingsniuojame, žingsniuoti
žingsniuojate, žingsniuoti
žingsniuok, žingsniuoti
žingsniuokite, žingsniuoti
žingsniuokime, žingsniuoti
žingsniavau, žingsniuoti
žingsniavai, žingsniuoti
žingsniavo, žingsniuoti
žingsniavome, žingsniuoti
žingsniavote, žingsniuoti
žingsniuodavau, žingsniuoti
žingsniuodavai, žingsniuoti
žingsniuodavo, žingsniuoti
žingsniuodavome, žingsniuoti
žingsniuodavote, žingsniuoti
žingsniuosiu, žingsniuoti
žingsniuosi, žingsniuoti
žingsniuos, žingsniuoti
žingsniuosime, žingsniuoti
žingsniuosite, žingsniuoti
žingsniuočiau, žingsniuoti
žingsniuotum(ei), žingsniuoti
žingsniuotų, žingsniuoti
žingsniuotu(mė)me, žingsniuoti
žingsniuotu(mė)te, žingsniuoti
žinoti, žinoti
žinau, žinoti
žinai, žinoti
žino, žinoti
žinome, žinoti
žinote, žinoti
žinok, žinoti
žinokite, žinoti
žinokime, žinoti
žinojau, žinoti
žinojai, žinoti
žinojo, žinoti
žinojome, žinoti
žinojote, žinoti
žinodavau, žinoti
žinodavai, žinoti
žinodavo, žinoti
žinodavome, žinoti
žinodavote, žinoti
žinosiu, žinoti
žinosi, žinoti
žinos, žinoti
žinosime, žinoti
žinosite, žinoti
žinočiau, žinoti
žinotum(ei), žinoti
žinotų, žinoti
žinotu(mė)me, žinoti
žinotu(mė)te, žinoti
žiojėti, žiojėti
žiojiu, žiojėti
žioji, žiojėti
žioji, žiojėti
žiojime, žiojėti
žiojite, žiojėti
žiojėk, žiojėti
žiojėkite, žiojėti
žiojėkime, žiojėti
žiojėjau, žiojėti
žiojėjai, žiojėti
žiojėjo, žiojėti
žiojėjome, žiojėti
žiojėjote, žiojėti
žiojėdavau, žiojėti
žiojėdavai, žiojėti
žiojėdavo, žiojėti
žiojėdavome, žiojėti
žiojėdavote, žiojėti
žiojėsiu, žiojėti
žiojėsi, žiojėti
žiojės, žiojėti
žiojėsime, žiojėti
žiojėsite, žiojėti
žiojėčiau, žiojėti
žiojėtum(ei), žiojėti
žiojėtų, žiojėti
žiojėtu(mė)me, žiojėti
žiojėtu(mė)te, žiojėti
žioplinėti, žioplinėti
žioplinėju, žioplinėti
žioplinėji, žioplinėti
žioplinėja, žioplinėti
žioplinėjame, žioplinėti
žioplinėjate, žioplinėti
žioplinėk, žioplinėti
žioplinėkite, žioplinėti
žioplinėkime, žioplinėti
žioplinėjau, žioplinėti
žioplinėjai, žioplinėti
žioplinėjo, žioplinėti
žioplinėjome, žioplinėti
žioplinėjote, žioplinėti
žioplinėdavau, žioplinėti
žioplinėdavai, žioplinėti
žioplinėdavo, žioplinėti
žioplinėdavome, žioplinėti
žioplinėdavote, žioplinėti
žioplinėsiu, žioplinėti
žioplinėsi, žioplinėti
žioplinės, žioplinėti
žioplinėsime, žioplinėti
žioplinėsite, žioplinėti
žioplinėčiau, žioplinėti
žioplinėtum(ei), žioplinėti
žioplinėtų, žioplinėti
žioplinėtu(mė)me, žioplinėti
žioplinėtu(mė)te, žioplinėti
žiopsoti, žiopsoti
žiopsau, žiopsoti
žiopsai, žiopsoti
žiopso, žiopsoti
žiopsome, žiopsoti
žiopsote, žiopsoti
žiopsok, žiopsoti
žiopsokite, žiopsoti
žiopsokime, žiopsoti
žiopsojau, žiopsoti
žiopsojai, žiopsoti
žiopsojo, žiopsoti
žiopsojome, žiopsoti
žiopsojote, žiopsoti
žiopsodavau, žiopsoti
žiopsodavai, žiopsoti
žiopsodavo, žiopsoti
žiopsodavome, žiopsoti
žiopsodavote, žiopsoti
žiopsosiu, žiopsoti
žiopsosi, žiopsoti
žiopsos, žiopsoti
žiopsosime, žiopsoti
žiopsosite, žiopsoti
žiopsočiau, žiopsoti
žiopsotum(ei), žiopsoti
žiopsotų, žiopsoti
žiopsotu(mė)me, žiopsoti
žiopsotu(mė)te, žiopsoti
žioruoti, žioruoti
žioruoju, žioruoti
žioruoji, žioruoti
žioruoja, žioruoti
žioruojame, žioruoti
žioruojate, žioruoti
žioruok, žioruoti
žioruokite, žioruoti
žioruokime, žioruoti
žioravau, žioruoti
žioravai, žioruoti
žioravo, žioruoti
žioravome, žioruoti
žioravote, žioruoti
žioruodavau, žioruoti
žioruodavai, žioruoti
žioruodavo, žioruoti
žioruodavome, žioruoti
žioruodavote, žioruoti
žioruosiu, žioruoti
žioruosi, žioruoti
žioruos, žioruoti
žioruosime, žioruoti
žioruosite, žioruoti
žioruočiau, žioruoti
žioruotum(ei), žioruoti
žioruotų, žioruoti
žioruotu(mė)me, žioruoti
žioruotu(mė)te, žioruoti
žiovauti, žiovauti
žiovauju, žiovauti
žiovauji, žiovauti
žiovauja, žiovauti
žiovaujame, žiovauti
žiovaujate, žiovauti
žiovauk, žiovauti
žiovaukite, žiovauti
žiovaukime, žiovauti
žiovavau, žiovauti
žiovavai, žiovauti
žiovavo, žiovauti
žiovavome, žiovauti
žiovavote, žiovauti
žiovaudavau, žiovauti
žiovaudavai, žiovauti
žiovaudavo, žiovauti
žiovaudavome, žiovauti
žiovaudavote, žiovauti
žiovausiu, žiovauti
žiovausi, žiovauti
žiovaus, žiovauti
žiovausime, žiovauti
žiovausite, žiovauti
žiovaučiau, žiovauti
žiovautum(ei), žiovauti
žiovautų, žiovauti
žiovautu(mė)me, žiovauti
žiovautu(mė)te, žiovauti
žirti, žirti
žyru, žirti
žyri, žirti
žyra, žirti
žyrame, žirti
žyrate, žirti
žirk, žirti
žirkite, žirti
žirkime, žirti
žirau, žirti
žirai, žirti
žiro, žirti
žirome, žirti
žirote, žirti
žirdavau, žirti
žirdavai, žirti
žirdavo, žirti
žirdavome, žirti
žirdavote, žirti
žirsiu, žirti
žirsi, žirti
žirs, žirti
žirsime, žirti
žirsite, žirti
žirčiau, žirti
žirtum(ei), žirti
žirtų, žirti
žirtu(mė)me, žirti
žirtu(mė)te, žirti
zirzti, zirzti
zirziu, zirzti
zirzi, zirzti
zirzia, zirzti
zirziame, zirzti
zirziate, zirzti
zirzk, zirzti
zirzkite, zirzti
zirzkime, zirzti
zirziau, zirzti
zirzei, zirzti
zirzė, zirzti
zirzėme, zirzti
zirzėte, zirzti
zirzdavau, zirzti
zirzdavai, zirzti
zirzdavo, zirzti
zirzdavome, zirzti
zirzdavote, zirzti
zirzsiu, zirzti
zirzsi, zirzti
zirzs, zirzti
zirzsime, zirzti
zirzsite, zirzti
zirzčiau, zirzti
zirztum(ei), zirzti
zirztų, zirzti
zirztu(mė)me, zirzti
zirztu(mė)te, zirzti
žiūrėti, žiūrėti
žiūriu, žiūrėti
žiūri, žiūrėti
žiūri, žiūrėti
žiūrime, žiūrėti
žiūrite, žiūrėti
žiūrėk, žiūrėti
žiūrėkite, žiūrėti
žiūrėkime, žiūrėti
žiūrėjau, žiūrėti
žiūrėjai, žiūrėti
žiūrėjo, žiūrėti
žiūrėjome, žiūrėti
žiūrėjote, žiūrėti
žiūrėdavau, žiūrėti
žiūrėdavai, žiūrėti
žiūrėdavo, žiūrėti
žiūrėdavome, žiūrėti
žiūrėdavote, žiūrėti
žiūrėsiu, žiūrėti
žiūrėsi, žiūrėti
žiūrės, žiūrėti
žiūrėsime, žiūrėti
žiūrėsite, žiūrėti
žiūrėčiau, žiūrėti
žiūrėtum(ei), žiūrėti
žiūrėtų, žiūrėti
žiūrėtu(mė)me, žiūrėti
žiūrėtu(mė)te, žiūrėti
žiūrinėti, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėju, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėji, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėja, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėjame, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėjate, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėk, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėkite, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėkime, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėjau, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėjai, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėjo, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėjome, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėjote, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėdavau, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėdavai, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėdavo, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėdavome, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėdavote, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėsiu, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėsi, žiūrinėti
žiūrinės, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėsime, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėsite, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėčiau, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėtum(ei), žiūrinėti
žiūrinėtų, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėtu(mė)me, žiūrinėti
žiūrinėtu(mė)te, žiūrinėti
žlegsėti, žlegsėti
žlegsiu, žlegsėti
žlegsi, žlegsėti
žlegsi, žlegsėti
žlegsime, žlegsėti
žlegsite, žlegsėti
žlegsėk, žlegsėti
žlegsėkite, žlegsėti
žlegsėkime, žlegsėti
žlegsėjau, žlegsėti
žlegsėjai, žlegsėti
žlegsėjo, žlegsėti
žlegsėjome, žlegsėti
žlegsėjote, žlegsėti
žlegsėdavau, žlegsėti
žlegsėdavai, žlegsėti
žlegsėdavo, žlegsėti
žlegsėdavome, žlegsėti
žlegsėdavote, žlegsėti
žlegsėsiu, žlegsėti
žlegsėsi, žlegsėti
žlegsės, žlegsėti
žlegsėsime, žlegsėti
žlegsėsite, žlegsėti
žlegsėčiau, žlegsėti
žlegsėtum(ei), žlegsėti
žlegsėtų, žlegsėti
žlegsėtu(mė)me, žlegsėti
žlegsėtu(mė)te, žlegsėti
žlegtelėti, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėju, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėji, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėja, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėjame, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėjate, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėk, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėkite, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėkime, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėjau, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėjai, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėjo, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėjome, žlegtelėti
žiegtelėjote, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėdavau, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėdavai, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėdavo, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėdavome, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėdavote, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėsiu, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėsi, žlegtelėti
žlegtelės, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėsime, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėsite, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėčiau, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėtum(ei), žlegtelėti
žlegtelėtų, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėtu(mė)me, žlegtelėti
žlegtelėtu(mė)te, žlegtelėti
žliaugti, žliaugti
žliaugiu, žliaugti
žliaugi, žliaugti
žliaugia, žliaugti
žliaugiame, žliaugti
žliaugiate, žliaugti
žliauk, žliaugti
žliaukite, žliaugti
žliaukime, žliaugti
žliaugiau, žliaugti
žliaugei, žliaugti
žliaugė, žliaugti
žliaugėme, žliaugti
žliaugėte, žliaugti
žliaugdavau, žliaugti
žliaugdavai, žliaugti
žliaugdavo, žliaugti
žliaugdavome, žliaugti
žliaugdavote, žliaugti
žliaugsiu, žliaugti
žliaugsi, žliaugti
žliaugs, žliaugti
žliaugsime, žliaugti
žliaugsite, žliaugti
žliaugčiau, žliaugti
žliaugtum(ei), žliaugti
žliaugtų, žliaugti
žliaugtu(mė)me, žliaugti
žliaugtu(mė)te, žliaugti
žlibti, žlibti
žlimbu, žlibti
žlimbi, žlibti
žlimba, žlibti
žlimbame, žlibti
žlimbate, žlibti
žlibk, žlibti
žlibkite, žlibti
žlibkime, žlibti
žlibau, žlibti
žlibai, žlibti
žlibo, žlibti
žlibome, žlibti
žlibote, žlibti
žlibdavau, žlibti
žlibdavai, žlibti
žlibdavo, žlibti
žlibdavome, žlibti
žlibdavote, žlibti
žlibsiu, žlibti
žlibsi, žlibti
žlibs, žlibti
žlibsime, žlibti
žlibsite, žlibti
žlibčiau, žlibti
žlibtum(ei), žlibti
žlibtų, žlibti
žlibtu(mė)me, žlibti
žlibtu(mė)te, žlibti
žlugdyti, žlugdyti
žlugdžau, žlugdyti
žlugdai, žlugdyti
žlugdo, žlugdyti
žlugdome, žlugdyti
žlugdote, žlugdyti
žlugdyk, žlugdyti
žlugdykite, žlugdyti
žlugdykime, žlugdyti
žlugdei, žlugdyti
žlugdė, žlugdyti
žlugdėme, žlugdyti
žlugdėte, žlugdyti
žlugdydavau, žlugdyti
žlugdydavai, žlugdyti
žlugdydavo, žlugdyti
žlugdydavome, žlugdyti
žlugdydavote, žlugdyti
žlugdysiu, žlugdyti
žlugdysi, žlugdyti
žlugdys, žlugdyti
žlugdysime, žlugdyti
žlugdysite, žlugdyti
žlugdyčiau, žlugdyti
žlugdytum(ei), žlugdyti
žlugdytų, žlugdyti
žlugdytu(mė)me, žlugdyti
žlugdytu(mė)te, žlugdyti
žlugti, žlugti
žlungu, žlugti
žlungi, žlugti
žlunga, žlugti
žlungame, žlugti
žlungate, žlugti
žluk, žlugti
žlukite, žlugti
žlukime, žlugti
žlugau, žlugti
žlugai, žlugti
žlugo, žlugti
žlugome, žlugti
žlugote, žlugti
žlugdavau, žlugti
žlugdavai, žlugti
žlugdavo, žlugti
žlugdavome, žlugti
žlugdavote, žlugti
žlugsiu, žlugti
žlugsi, žlugti
žlugs, žlugti
žlugsime, žlugti
žlugsite, žlugti
žlugčiau, žlugti
žlugtum(ei), žlugti
žlugtų, žlugti
žlugtu(mė)me, žlugti
žlugtu(mė)te, žlugti
žnybti, žnybti
žnybiu, žnybti
žnybi, žnybti
žnybia, žnybti
žnybiame, žnybti
žnybiate, žnybti
žnybk, žnybti
žnybkite, žnybti
žnybkime, žnybti
žnybiau, žnybti
žnybei, žnybti
žnybė, žnybti
žnybėme, žnybti
žnybėte, žnybti
žnybdavau, žnybti
žnybdavai, žnybti
žnybdavo, žnybti
žnybdavome, žnybti
žnybdavote, žnybti
žnybsiu, žnybti
žnybsi, žnybti
žnybs, žnybti
žnybsime, žnybti
žnybsite, žnybti
žnybčiau, žnybti
žnybtum(ei), žnybti
žnybtų, žnybti
žnybtu(mė)me, žnybti
žnybtu(mė)te, žnybti
žodžiuoti, žodžiuoti
žodžiuoju, žodžiuoti
žodžiuoji, žodžiuoti
žodžiuoja, žodžiuoti
žodžiuojame, žodžiuoti
žodžiuojate, žodžiuoti
žodžiuok, žodžiuoti
žodžiuokite, žodžiuoti
žodžiuokime, žodžiuoti
žodžiavau, žodžiuoti
žodžiavai, žodžiuoti
žodžiavo, žodžiuoti
žodžiavome, žodžiuoti
žodžiavote, žodžiuoti
žodžiuodavau, žodžiuoti
žodžiuodavai, žodžiuoti
žodžiuodavo, žodžiuoti
žodžiuodavome, žodžiuoti
žodžiuodavote, žodžiuoti
žodžiuosiu, žodžiuoti
žodžiuosi, žodžiuoti
žodžiuos, žodžiuoti
žodžiuosime, žodžiuoti
žodžiuosite, žodžiuoti
žodžiuočiau, žodžiuoti
žodžiuotum(ei), žodžiuoti
žodžiuotų, žodžiuoti
žodžiuotu(mė)me, žodžiuoti
žodžiuotu(mė)te, žodžiuoti
žongliruoti, žongliruoti
žongliruoju, žongliruoti
žongliruoji, žongliruoti
žongliruoja, žongliruoti
žongliruojame, žongliruoti
žongliruojate, žongliruoti
žongliruok, žongliruoti
žongliruokite, žongliruoti
žongliruokime, žongliruoti
žongliravau, žongliruoti
žongliravai, žongliruoti
žongliravo, žongliruoti
žongliravome, žongliruoti
žongliravote, žongliruoti
žongliruodavau, žongliruoti
žongliruodavai, žongliruoti
žongliruodavo, žongliruoti
žongliruodavome, žongliruoti
žongliruodavote, žongliruoti
žongliruosiu, žongliruoti
žongliruosi, žongliruoti
žongliruos, žongliruoti
žongliruosime, žongliruoti
žongliruosite, žongliruoti
žongliruočiau, žongliruoti
žongliruotum(ei), žongliruoti
žongliruotų, žongliruoti
žongliruotu(mė)me, žongliruoti
žongliruotu(mė)te, žongliruoti
žudyti, žudyti
žudžau, žudyti
žudai, žudyti
žudo, žudyti
žudome, žudyti
žudote, žudyti
žudyk, žudyti
žudykite, žudyti
žudykime, žudyti
žudei, žudyti
žudė, žudyti
žudėme, žudyti
žudėte, žudyti
žudydavau, žudyti
žudydavai, žudyti
žudydavo, žudyti
žudydavome, žudyti
žudydavote, žudyti
žudysiu, žudyti
žudysi, žudyti
žudys, žudyti
žudysime, žudyti
žudysite, žudyti
žudyčiau, žudyti
žudytum(ei), žudyti
žudytų, žudyti
žudytu(mė)me, žudyti
žudytu(mė)te, žudyti
žūti, žūti
žūvu, žūti
žūvi, žūti
žūva, žūti
žūvame, žūti
žūvate, žūti
žūk, žūti
žūkite, žūti
žūkime, žūti
žuvau, žūti
žuvai, žūti
žuvo, žūti
žuvome, žūti
žuvote, žūti
žūdavau, žūti
žūdavai, žūti
žūdavo, žūti
žūdavome, žūti
žūdavote, žūti
žūsiu, žūti
žūsi, žūti
žus, žūti
žūsime, žūti
žūsite, žūti
žūčiau, žūti
žūtum(ei), žūti
žūtų, žūti
žūtu(mė)me, žūti
žūtu(mė)te, žūti
žuvauti, žuvauti
žuvauju, žuvauti
žuvauji, žuvauti
žuvauja, žuvauti
žuvaujame, žuvauti
žuvaujate, žuvauti
žuvauk, žuvauti
žuvaukite, žuvauti
žuvaukime, žuvauti
žuvavau, žuvauti
žuvavai, žuvauti
žuvavo, žuvauti
žuvavome, žuvauti
žuvavote, žuvauti
žuvaudavau, žuvauti
žuvaudavai, žuvauti
žuvaudavo, žuvauti
žuvaudavome, žuvauti
žuvaudavote, žuvauti
žuvausiu, žuvauti
žuvausi, žuvauti
žuvaus, žuvauti
žuvausime, žuvauti
žuvausite, žuvauti
žuvaučiau, žuvauti
žuvautum(ei), žuvauti
žuvautų, žuvauti
žuvautu(mė)me, žuvauti
žuvautu(mė)te, žuvauti
žvalgyti, žvalgyti
žvalgau, žvalgyti
žvalgai, žvalgyti
žvalgo, žvalgyti
žvalgome, žvalgyti
žvalgote, žvalgyti
žvalgyk, žvalgyti
žvalgykite, žvalgyti
žvalgykime, žvalgyti
žvalgiau, žvalgyti
žvalgei, žvalgyti
žvalgė, žvalgyti
žvalgėme, žvalgyti
žvalgėte, žvalgyti
žvalgydavau, žvalgyti
žvalgydavai, žvalgyti
žvalgydavo, žvalgyti
žvalgydavome, žvalgyti
žvalgydavote, žvalgyti
žvalgysiu, žvalgyti
žvalgysi, žvalgyti
žvalgys, žvalgyti
žvalgysime, žvalgyti
žvalgysite, žvalgyti
žvalgyčiau, žvalgyti
žvalgytum(ei), žvalgyti
žvalgytų, žvalgyti
žvalgytu(mė)me, žvalgyti
žvalgytu(mė)te, žvalgyti
žvanginti, žvanginti
žvanginu, žvanginti
žvangini, žvanginti
žvangina, žvanginti
žvanginame, žvanginti
žvanginate, žvanginti
žvangink, žvanginti
žvanginkite, žvanginti
žvanginkime, žvanginti
žvanginau, žvanginti
žvanginai, žvanginti
žvangino, žvanginti
žvanginome, žvanginti
žvanginote, žvanginti
žvangindavau, žvanginti
žvangindavai, žvanginti
žvangindavo, žvanginti
žvangindavome, žvanginti
žvangindavote, žvanginti
žvanginsiu, žvanginti
žvanginsi, žvanginti
žvangins, žvanginti
žvanginsime, žvanginti
žvanginsite, žvanginti
žvanginčiau, žvanginti
žvangintum(ei), žvanginti
žvangintų, žvanginti
žvangintu(mė)me, žvanginti
žvangintu(mė)te, žvanginti
žvarbėti, žvarbėti
žvarbu, žvarbėti
žvarbi, žvarbėti
žvarba, žvarbėti
žvarbame, žvarbėti
žvarbate, žvarbėti
žvarbėk, žvarbėti
žvarbėkite, žvarbėti
žvarbėkime, žvarbėti
žvarbėjau, žvarbėti
žvarbėjai, žvarbėti
žvarbėjo, žvarbėti
žvarbėjome, žvarbėti
žvarbėjote, žvarbėti
žvarbėdavau, žvarbėti
žvarbėdavai, žvarbėti
žvarbėdavo, žvarbėti
žvarbėdavome, žvarbėti
žvarbėdavote, žvarbėti
žvarbėsiu, žvarbėti
žvarbėsi, žvarbėti
žvarbės, žvarbėti
žvarbėsime, žvarbėti
žvarbėsite, žvarbėti
žvarbėčiau, žvarbėti
žvarbėtum(ei), žvarbėti
žvarbėtų, žvarbėti
žvarbėtu(mė)me, žvarbėti
žvarbėtu(mė)te, žvarbėti
žvarbti, žvarbti
žvarbstu, žvarbti
žvarbsti, žvarbti
žvarbsta, žvarbti
žvarbstame, žvarbti
žvarbstate, žvarbti
žvarbk, žvarbti
žvarbkite, žvarbti
žvarbkime, žvarbti
žvarbau, žvarbti
žvarbai, žvarbti
žvarbo, žvarbti
žvarbome, žvarbti
žvarbote, žvarbti
žvarbdavau, žvarbti
žvarbdavai, žvarbti
žvarbdavo, žvarbti
žvarbdavome, žvarbti
žvarbdavote, žvarbti
žvarbsiu, žvarbti
žvarbsi, žvarbti
žvarbs, žvarbti
žvarbsime, žvarbti
žvarbsite, žvarbti
žvarbčiau, žvarbti
žvarbtum(ei), žvarbti
žvarbtų, žvarbti
žvarbtu(mė)me, žvarbti
žvarbtu(mė)te, žvarbti
žvejoti, žvejoti
žvejoju, žvejoti
žvejoji, žvejoti
žvejoja, žvejoti
žvejojame, žvejoti
žvejojate, žvejoti
žvejok, žvejoti
žvejokite, žvejoti
žvejokime, žvejoti
žvejojau, žvejoti
žvejojai, žvejoti
žvejojo, žvejoti
žvejojome, žvejoti
žvejojote, žvejoti
žvejodavau, žvejoti
žvejodavai, žvejoti
žvejodavo, žvejoti
žvejodavome, žvejoti
žvejodavote, žvejoti
žvejosiu, žvejoti
žvejosi, žvejoti
žvejos, žvejoti
žvejosime, žvejoti
žvejosite, žvejoti
žvejočiau, žvejoti
žvejotum(ei), žvejoti
žvejotų, žvejoti
žvejotu(mė)me, žvejoti
žvejotu(mė)te, žvejoti
žvelgti, žvelgti
žvelgiu, žvelgti
žvelgi, žvelgti
žvelgia, žvelgti
žvelgiame, žvelgti
žvelgiate, žvelgti
žvelk, žvelgti
žvelkite, žvelgti
žvelkime, žvelgti
žvelgiau, žvelgti
žvelgei, žvelgti
žvelgė, žvelgti
žvelgėme, žvelgti
žvelgėte, žvelgti
žvelgdavau, žvelgti
žvelgdavai, žvelgti
žvelgdavo, žvelgti
žvelgdavome, žvelgti
žvelgdavote, žvelgti
žvelgsiu, žvelgti
žvelgsi, žvelgti
žvelgs, žvelgti
žvelgsime, žvelgti
žvelgsite, žvelgti
žvelgčiau, žvelgti
žvelgtum(ei), žvelgti
žvelgtų, žvelgti
žvelgtu(mė)me, žvelgti
žvelgtu(mė)te, žvelgti
žvengti, žvengti
žvengiu, žvengti
žvengi, žvengti
žvengia, žvengti
žvengiame, žvengti
žvengiate, žvengti
žvenk, žvengti
žvenkite, žvengti
žvenkime, žvengti
žvengiau, žvengti
žvengei, žvengti
žvengė, žvengti
žvengėme, žvengti
žvengėte, žvengti
žvengdavau, žvengti
žvengdavai, žvengti
žvengdavo, žvengti
žvengdavome, žvengti
žvengdavote, žvengti
žvengsiu, žvengti
žvengsi, žvengti
žvengs, žvengti
žvengsime, žvengti
žvengsite, žvengti
žvengčiau, žvengti
žvengtum(ei), žvengti
žvengtų, žvengti
žvengtu(mė)me, žvengti
žvengtu(mė)te, žvengti
žviegti, žviegti
žviegiu, žviegti
žviegi, žviegti
žviegia, žviegti
žviegiame, žviegti
žviegiate, žviegti
žviek, žviegti
žviekite, žviegti
žviekime, žviegti
žviegiau, žviegti
žviegei, žviegti
žviegė, žviegti
žviegėme, žviegti
žviegėte, žviegti
žviegdavau, žviegti
žviegdavai, žviegti
žviegdavo, žviegti
žviegdavome, žviegti
žviegdavote, žviegti
žviegsiu, žviegti
žviegsi, žviegti
žviegs, žviegti
žviegsime, žviegti
žviegsite, žviegti
žviegčiau, žviegti
žviegtum(ei), žviegti
žviegtų, žviegti
žviegtu(mė)me, žviegti
žviegtu(mė)te, žviegti
žvilgčioti, žvilgčioti
žvilgčioju, žvilgčioti
žvilgčioji, žvilgčioti
žvilgčioja, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiojame, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiojate, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiok, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiokite, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiokime, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiojau, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiojai, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiojo, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiojome, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiojote, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiodavau, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiodavai, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiodavo, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiodavome, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiodavote, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiosiu, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiosi, žvilgčioti
žvilgčios, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiosime, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiosite, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiočiau, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiotum(ei), žvilgčioti
žvilgčiotų, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiotu(mė)me, žvilgčioti
žvilgčiotu(mė)te, žvilgčioti
žvilgėti, žvilgėti
žvilgu, žvilgėti
žvilgi, žvilgėti
žvilga, žvilgėti
žvilgame, žvilgėti
žvilgate, žvilgėti
žvilgėk, žvilgėti
žvilgėkite, žvilgėti
žvilgėkime, žvilgėti
žvilgėjau, žvilgėti
žvilgėjai, žvilgėti
žvilgėjo, žvilgėti
žvilgėjome, žvilgėti
žvilgėjote, žvilgėti
žvilgėdavau, žvilgėti
žvilgėdavai, žvilgėti
žvilgėdavo, žvilgėti
žvilgėdavome, žvilgėti
žvilgėdavote, žvilgėti
žvilgėsiu, žvilgėti
žvilgėsi, žvilgėti
žvilgės, žvilgėti
žvilgėsime, žvilgėti
žvilgėsite, žvilgėti
žvilgėčiau, žvilgėti
žvilgėtum(ei), žvilgėti
žvilgėtų, žvilgėti
žvilgėtu(mė)me, žvilgėti
žvilgėtu(mė)te, žvilgėti
žvilgtelėti, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėju, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėji, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėja, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėjame, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėjate, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėk, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėkite, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėkime, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėjau, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėjai, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėjo, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėjome, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėjote, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėdavau, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėdavai, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėdavo, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėdavome, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėdavote, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėsiu, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėsi, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelės, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėsime, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėsite, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėčiau, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėtum(ei), žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėtų, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėtu(mė)me, žvilgtelėti
žvilgtelėtu(mė)te, žvilgtelėti
zvimbti, zvimbti
zvimbiu, zvimbti
zvimbi, zvimbti
zvimbia, zvimbti
zvimbiame, zvimbti
zvimbiate, zvimbti
zvimbk, zvimbti
zvimbkite, zvimbti
zvimbkime, zvimbti
zvimbiau, zvimbti
zvimbei, zvimbti
zvimbė, zvimbti
zvimbėme, zvimbti
zvimbėte, zvimbti
zvimbdavau, zvimbti
zvimbdavai, zvimbti
zvimbdavo, zvimbti
zvimbdavome, zvimbti
zvimbdavote, zvimbti
zvimbsiu, zvimbti
zvimbsi, zvimbti
zvimbs, zvimbti
zvimbsime, zvimbti
zvimbsite, zvimbti
zvimbčiau, zvimbti
zvimbtum(ei), zvimbti
zvimbtų, zvimbti
zvimbtu(mė)me, zvimbti
zvimbtu(mė)te, zvimbti
žvygauti, žvygauti
žvygauju, žvygauti
žvygauji, žvygauti
žvygauja, žvygauti
žvygaujame, žvygauti
žvygaujate, žvygauti
žvygauk, žvygauti
žvygaukite, žvygauti
žvygaukime, žvygauti
žvygavau, žvygauti
žvygavai, žvygauti
žvygavo, žvygauti
žvygavome, žvygauti
žvygavote, žvygauti
žvygaudavau, žvygauti
žvygaudavai, žvygauti
žvygaudavo, žvygauti
žvygaudavome, žvygauti
žvygaudavote, žvygauti
žvygausiu, žvygauti
žvygausi, žvygauti
žvygaus, žvygauti
žvygausime, žvygauti
žvygausite, žvygauti
žvygaučiau, žvygauti
žvygautum(ei), žvygauti
žvygautų, žvygauti
žvygautu(mė)me, žvygauti
žvygautu(mė)te, žvygauti
žybėti, žybėti
žibu, žybėti
žibi, žybėti
žiba, žybėti
žibame, žybėti
žibate, žybėti
žybėk, žybėti
žybėkite, žybėti
žybėkime, žybėti
žibėjau, žybėti
žibėjai, žybėti
žibėjo, žybėti
žibėjome, žybėti
žibėjote, žybėti
žybėdavau, žybėti
žybėdavai, žybėti
žybėdavo, žybėti
žybėdavome, žybėti
žybėdavote, žybėti
žybėsiu, žybėti
žybėsi, žybėti
žibės, žybėti
žybėsime, žybėti
žybėsite, žybėti
žybėčiau, žybėti
žybėtum(ei), žybėti
žybėtų, žybėti
žybėtu(mė)me, žybėti
žybėtu(mė)te, žybėti
žybsėti, žybsėti
žybsiu, žybsėti
žybsi, žybsėti
žybsi, žybsėti
žybsime, žybsėti
žybsite, žybsėti
žybsėk, žybsėti
žybsėkite, žybsėti
žybsėkime, žybsėti
žybsėjau, žybsėti
žybsėjai, žybsėti
žybsėjo, žybsėti
žybsėjome, žybsėti
žybsėjote, žybsėti
žybsėdavau, žybsėti
žybsėdavai, žybsėti
žybsėdavo, žybsėti
žybsėdavome, žybsėti
žybsėdavote, žybsėti
žybsėsiu, žybsėti
žybsėsi, žybsėti
žybsės, žybsėti
žybsėsime, žybsėti
žybsėsite, žybsėti
žybsėčiau, žybsėti
žybsėtum(ei), žybsėti
žybsėtų, žybsėti
žybsėtu(mė)me, žybsėti
žybsėtu(mė)te, žybsėti
žydėti, žydėti
žydžiu, žydėti
žydi, žydėti
žydi, žydėti
žydime, žydėti
žydite, žydėti
žydėk, žydėti
žydėkite, žydėti
žydėkime, žydėti
žydėjau, žydėti
žydėjai, žydėti
žydėjo, žydėti
žydėjome, žydėti
žydėjote, žydėti
žydėdavau, žydėti
žydėdavai, žydėti
žydėdavo, žydėti
žydėdavome, žydėti
žydėdavote, žydėti
žydėsiu, žydėti
žydėsi, žydėti
žydės, žydėti
žydėsime, žydėti
žydėsite, žydėti
žydėčiau, žydėti
žydėtum(ei), žydėti
žydėtų, žydėti
žydėtu(mė)me, žydėti
žydėtu(mė)te, žydėti
žygiuoti, žygiuoti
žygiuoju, žygiuoti
žygiuoji, žygiuoti
žygiuoja, žygiuoti
žygiuojame, žygiuoti
žygiuojate, žygiuoti
žygiuok, žygiuoti
žygiuokite, žygiuoti
žygiuokime, žygiuoti
žygiavau, žygiuoti
žygiavai, žygiuoti
žygiavo, žygiuoti
žygiavome, žygiuoti
žygiavote, žygiuoti
žygiuodavau, žygiuoti
žygiuodavai, žygiuoti
žygiuodavo, žygiuoti
žygiuodavome, žygiuoti
žygiuodavote, žygiuoti
žygiuosiu, žygiuoti
žygiuosi, žygiuoti
žygiuos, žygiuoti
žygiuosime, žygiuoti
žygiuosite, žygiuoti
žygiuočiau, žygiuoti
žygiuotum(ei), žygiuoti
žygiuotų, žygiuoti
žygiuotu(mė)me, žygiuoti
žygiuotu(mė)te, žygiuoti
žymėti, žymėti
žymiu, žymėti
žymi, žymėti
žymi, žymėti
žymime, žymėti
žymite, žymėti
žymėk, žymėti
žymėkite, žymėti
žymėkime, žymėti
žymėjau, žymėti
žymėjai, žymėti
žymėjo, žymėti
žymėjome, žymėti
žymėjote, žymėti
žymėdavau, žymėti
žymėdavai, žymėti
žymėdavo, žymėti
žymėdavome, žymėti
žymėdavote, žymėti
žymėsiu, žymėti
žymėsi, žymėti
žymės, žymėti
žymėsime, žymėti
žymėsite, žymėti
žymėčiau, žymėti
žymėtum(ei), žymėti
žymėtų, žymėti
žymėtu(mė)me, žymėti
žymėtu(mė)te, žymėti
žysti, žysti
žyru, žysti
žyri, žysti
žyra, žysti
žyrame, žysti
žyrate, žysti
žysk, žysti
žyskite, žysti
žyskime, žysti
žirau, žysti
žirai, žysti
žiro, žysti
žirome, žysti
žirote, žysti
žysdavau, žysti
žysdavai, žysti
žysdavo, žysti
žysdavome, žysti
žysdavote, žysti
žysiu, žysti
žysi, žysti
žis, žysti
žysime, žysti
žysite, žysti
žysčiau, žysti
žystum(ei), žysti
žystų, žysti
žystu(mė)me, žysti
žystu(mė)te, žysti
zysti, zysti
zyziu, zysti
zyzi, zysti
zyzia, zysti
zyziame, zysti
zyziate, zysti
zysk, zysti
zyskite, zysti
zyskime, zysti
zyziau, zysti
zyzei, zysti
zyzė, zysti
zyzėme, zysti
zyzėte, zysti
zysdavau, zysti
zysdavai, zysti
zysdavo, zysti
zysdavome, zysti
zysdavote, zysti
zysiu, zysti
zysi, zysti
zys, zysti
zysime, zysti
zysite, zysti
zysčiau, zysti
zystum(ei), zysti
zystų, zysti
zystu(mė)me, zysti
zystu(mė)te, zysti
zyzti, zyzti
zyziu, zyzti
zyzi, zyzti
zyzia, zyzti
zyziame, zyzti
zyziate, zyzti
zyzk, zyzti
zyzkite, zyzti
zyzkime, zyzti
zyziau, zyzti
zyzei, zyzti
zyzė, zyzti
zyzėme, zyzti
zyzėte, zyzti
zyzdavau, zyzti
zyzdavai, zyzti
zyzdavo, zyzti
zyzdavome, zyzti
zyzdavote, zyzti
zyzsiu, zyzti
zyzsi, zyzti
zyzs, zyzti
zyzsime, zyzti
zyzsite, zyzti
zyzčiau, zyzti
zyztum(ei), zyzti
zyztų, zyzti
zyztu(mė)me, zyzti
zyztu(mė)te, zyzti
absorbuotis, absorbuotis
absorbuojuosi, absorbuotis
absorbuojiesi, absorbuotis
absorbuojasi, absorbuotis
absorbuojamės, absorbuotis
absorbuojatės, absorbuotis
absorbuoks, absorbuotis
absorbuokitės, absorbuotis
absorbuokimės, absorbuotis
absorbavausi, absorbuotis
absorbavaisi, absorbuotis
absorbavosi, absorbuotis
absorbavomės, absorbuotis
absorbavotės, absorbuotis
absorbuodavausi, absorbuotis
absorbuodavaisi, absorbuotis
absorbuodavosi, absorbuotis
absorbuodavomės, absorbuotis
absorbuodavotės, absorbuotis
absorbuosiusi, absorbuotis
absorbuosisi, absorbuotis
absorbuosis, absorbuotis
absorbuosimės, absorbuotis
absorbuositės, absorbuotis
absorbuočiausi, absorbuotis
absorbuotumeisi, absorbuotis
absorbuotųsi, absorbuotis
absorbuotu(mė)mės, absorbuotis
absorbuotu(mė)tės, absorbuotis
abstrahuotis, abstrahuotis
abstrahuojuosi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuojiesi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuojasi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuojamės, abstrahuotis
abstrahuojatės, abstrahuotis
abstrahuoks, abstrahuotis
abstrahuokitės, abstrahuotis
abstrahuokimės, abstrahuotis
abstrahavausi, abstrahuotis
abstrahavaisi, abstrahuotis
abstrahavosi, abstrahuotis
abstrahavomės, abstrahuotis
abstrahavotės, abstrahuotis
abstrahuodavausi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuodavaisi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuodavosi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuodavomės, abstrahuotis
abstrahuodavotės, abstrahuotis
abstrahuosiusi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuosisi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuosis, abstrahuotis
abstrahuosimės, abstrahuotis
abstrahuositės, abstrahuotis
abstrahuočiausi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuotumeisi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuotųsi, abstrahuotis
abstrahuotu(mė)mės, abstrahuotis
abstrahuotu(mė)tės, abstrahuotis
abuojėtis, abuojėtis
abuojėjuosi, abuojėtis
abuojėjiesi, abuojėtis
abuojėjasi, abuojėtis
abuojėjamės, abuojėtis
abuojėjatės, abuojėtis
abuojėks, abuojėtis
abuojėkitės, abuojėtis
abuojėkimės, abuojėtis
abuojėjausi, abuojėtis
abuojėjaisi, abuojėtis
abuojėjosi, abuojėtis
abuojėjomės, abuojėtis
abuojėjotės, abuojėtis
abuojėdavausi, abuojėtis
abuojėdavaisi, abuojėtis
abuojėdavosi, abuojėtis
abuojėdavomės, abuojėtis
abuojėdavotės, abuojėtis
abuojėsiusi, abuojėtis
abuojėsisi, abuojėtis
abuojėsis, abuojėtis
abuojėsimės, abuojėtis
abuojėsitės, abuojėtis
abuojėčiausi, abuojėtis
abuojėtumeisi, abuojėtis
abuojėtųsi, abuojėtis
abuojėtu(mė)mės, abuojėtis
abuojėtu(mė)tės, abuojėtis
adaptuotis, adaptuotis
adaptuojuosi, adaptuotis
adaptuojiesi, adaptuotis
adaptuojasi, adaptuotis
adaptuojamės, adaptuotis
adaptuojatės, adaptuotis
adaptuoks, adaptuotis
adaptuokitės, adaptuotis
adaptuokimės, adaptuotis
adaptavausi, adaptuotis
adaptavaisi, adaptuotis
adaptavosi, adaptuotis
adaptavomės, adaptuotis
adaptavotės, adaptuotis
adaptuodavausi, adaptuotis
adaptuodavaisi, adaptuotis
adaptuodavosi, adaptuotis
adaptuodavomės, adaptuotis
adaptuodavotės, adaptuotis
adaptuosiusi, adaptuotis
adaptuosisi, adaptuotis
adaptuosis, adaptuotis
adaptuosimės, adaptuotis
adaptuositės, adaptuotis
adaptuočiausi, adaptuotis
adaptuotumeisi, adaptuotis
adaptuotųsi, adaptuotis
adaptuotu(mė)mės, adaptuotis
adaptuotu(mė)tės, adaptuotis
adinėtis, adinėtis
adinėjuosi, adinėtis
adinėjiesi, adinėtis
adinėjasi, adinėtis
adinėjamės, adinėtis
adinėjatės, adinėtis
adinėks, adinėtis
adinėkitės, adinėtis
adinėkimės, adinėtis
adinėjausi, adinėtis
adinėjaisi, adinėtis
adinėjosi, adinėtis
adinėjomės, adinėtis
adinėjotės, adinėtis
adinėdavausi, adinėtis
adinėdavaisi, adinėtis
adinėdavosi, adinėtis
adinėdavomės, adinėtis
adinėdavotės, adinėtis
adinėsiusi, adinėtis
adinėsisi, adinėtis
adinėsis, adinėtis
adinėsimės, adinėtis
adinėsitės, adinėtis
adinėčiausi, adinėtis
adinėtumeisi, adinėtis
adinėtųsi, adinėtis
adinėtu(mė)mės, adinėtis
adinėtu(mė)tės, adinėtis
administruotis, administruotis
administruojuosi, administruotis
administruojiesi, administruotis
administruojasi, administruotis
administruojamės, administruotis
administruojatės, administruotis
administruoks, administruotis
administruokitės, administruotis
administruokimės, administruotis
administravausi, administruotis
administravaisi, administruotis
administravosi, administruotis
administravomės, administruotis
administravotės, administruotis
administruodavausi, administruotis
administruodavaisi, administruotis
administruodavosi, administruotis
administruodavomės, administruotis
administruodavotės, administruotis
administruosiusi, administruotis
administruosisi, administruotis
administruosis, administruotis
administruosimės, administruotis
administruositės, administruotis
administruočiausi, administruotis
administruotumeisi, administruotis
administruotųsi, administruotis
administruotu(mė)mės, administruotis
administruotu(mė)tės, administruotis
adresuotis, adresuotis
adresuojuosi, adresuotis
adresuojiesi, adresuotis
adresuojasi, adresuotis
adresuojamės, adresuotis
adresuojatės, adresuotis
adresuoks, adresuotis
adresuokitės, adresuotis
adresuokimės, adresuotis
adresavausi, adresuotis
adresavaisi, adresuotis
adresavosi, adresuotis
adresavomės, adresuotis
adresavotės, adresuotis
adresuodavausi, adresuotis
adresuodavaisi, adresuotis
adresuodavosi, adresuotis
adresuodavomės, adresuotis
adresuodavotės, adresuotis
adresuosiusi, adresuotis
adresuosisi, adresuotis
adresuosis, adresuotis
adresuosimės, adresuotis
adresuositės, adresuotis
adresuočiausi, adresuotis
adresuotumeisi, adresuotis
adresuotųsi, adresuotis
adresuotu(mė)mės, adresuotis
adresuotu(mė)tės, adresuotis
adytis, adytis
adžausi, adytis
adaisi, adytis
adosi, adytis
adomės, adytis
adotės, adytis
adyks, adytis
adykitės, adytis
adykimės, adytis
adeisi, adytis
adėsi, adytis
adėmės, adytis
adėtės, adytis
adydavausi, adytis
adydavaisi, adytis
adydavosi, adytis
adydavomės, adytis
adydavotės, adytis
adysiusi, adytis
adysisi, adytis
adysis, adytis
adysimės, adytis
adysitės, adytis
adyčiausi, adytis
adytumeisi, adytis
adytųsi, adytis
adytu(mė)mės, adytis
adytu(mė)tės, adytis
aidėtis, aidėtis
aidžiusi, aidėtis
aidisi, aidėtis
aidisi, aidėtis
aidimės, aidėtis
aiditės, aidėtis
aidėks, aidėtis
aidėkitės, aidėtis
aidėkimės, aidėtis
aidėjausi, aidėtis
aidėjaisi, aidėtis
aidėjosi, aidėtis
aidėjomės, aidėtis
aidėjotės, aidėtis
aidėdavausi, aidėtis
aidėdavaisi, aidėtis
aidėdavosi, aidėtis
aidėdavomės, aidėtis
aidėdavotės, aidėtis
aidėsiusi, aidėtis
aidėsisi, aidėtis
aidėsis, aidėtis
aidėsimės, aidėtis
aidėsitės, aidėtis
aidėčiausi, aidėtis
aidėtumeisi, aidėtis
aidėtųsi, aidėtis
aidėtu(mė)mės, aidėtis
aidėtu(mė)tės, aidėtis
aikčiotis, aikčiotis
aikčiojuosi, aikčiotis
aikčiojiesi, aikčiotis
aikčiojasi, aikčiotis
aikčiojamės, aikčiotis
aikčiojatės, aikčiotis
aikčioks, aikčiotis
aikčiokitės, aikčiotis
aikčiokimės, aikčiotis
aikčiojausi, aikčiotis
aikčiojaisi, aikčiotis
aikčiojosi, aikčiotis
aikčiojomės, aikčiotis
aikčiojotės, aikčiotis
aikčiodavausi, aikčiotis
aikčiodavaisi, aikčiotis
aikčiodavosi, aikčiotis
aikčiodavomės, aikčiotis
aikčiodavotės, aikčiotis
aikčiosiusi, aikčiotis
aikčiosisi, aikčiotis
aikčiosis, aikčiotis
aikčiosimės, aikčiotis
aikčiositės, aikčiotis
aikčiočiausi, aikčiotis
aikčiotumeisi, aikčiotis
aikčiotųsi, aikčiotis
aikčiotu(mė)mės, aikčiotis
aikčiotu(mė)tės, aikčiotis
akcentuotis, akcentuotis
akcentuojuosi, akcentuotis
akcentuojiesi, akcentuotis
akcentuojasi, akcentuotis
akcentuojamės, akcentuotis
akcentuojatės, akcentuotis
akcentuoks, akcentuotis
akcentuokitės, akcentuotis
akcentuokimės, akcentuotis
akcentavausi, akcentuotis
akcentavaisi, akcentuotis
akcentavosi, akcentuotis
akcentavomės, akcentuotis
akcentavotės, akcentuotis
akcentuodavausi, akcentuotis
akcentuodavaisi, akcentuotis
akcentuodavosi, akcentuotis
akcentuodavomės, akcentuotis
akcentuodavotės, akcentuotis
akcentuosiusi, akcentuotis
akcentuosisi, akcentuotis
akcentuosis, akcentuotis
akcentuosimės, akcentuotis
akcentuositės, akcentuotis
akcentuočiausi, akcentuotis
akcentuotumeisi, akcentuotis
akcentuotųsi, akcentuotis
akcentuotu(mė)mės, akcentuotis
akcentuotu(mė)tės, akcentuotis
akėtis, akėtis
akėjuosi, akėtis
akėjiesi, akėtis
akėjasi, akėtis
akėjamės, akėtis
akėjatės, akėtis
akėks, akėtis
akėkitės, akėtis
akėkimės, akėtis
akėjausi, akėtis
akėjaisi, akėtis
akėjosi, akėtis
akėjomės, akėtis
akėjotės, akėtis
akėdavausi, akėtis
akėdavaisi, akėtis
akėdavosi, akėtis
akėdavomės, akėtis
akėdavotės, akėtis
akėsiusi, akėtis
akėsisi, akėtis
akėsis, akėtis
akėsimės, akėtis
akėsitės, akėtis
akėčiausi, akėtis
akėtumeisi, akėtis
akėtųsi, akėtis
akėtu(mė)mės, akėtis
akėtu(mė)tės, akėtis
akintis, akintis
akinuosi, akintis
akiniesi, akintis
akinasi, akintis
akinamės, akintis
akinatės, akintis
akinks, akintis
akinkitės, akintis
akinkimės, akintis
akinausi, akintis
akinaisi, akintis
akinosi, akintis
akinomės, akintis
akinotės, akintis
akindavausi, akintis
akindavaisi, akintis
akindavosi, akintis
akindavomės, akintis
akindavotės, akintis
akinsiusi, akintis
akinsisi, akintis
akinsis, akintis
akinsimės, akintis
akinsitės, akintis
akinčiausi, akintis
akintumeisi, akintis
akintųsi, akintis
akintu(mė)mės, akintis
akintu(mė)tės, akintis
aktis, aktis
ankuosi, aktis
ankiesi, aktis
ankasi, aktis
ankamės, aktis
ankatės, aktis
aks, aktis
akitės, aktis
akimės, aktis
akausi, aktis
akaisi, aktis
akosi, aktis
akomės, aktis
akotės, aktis
akdavausi, aktis
akdavaisi, aktis
akdavosi, aktis
akdavomės, aktis
akdavotės, aktis
aksiusi, aktis
aksisi, aktis
aksis, aktis
aksimės, aktis
aksitės, aktis
akčiausi, aktis
aktumeisi, aktis
aktųsi, aktis
aktu(mė)mės, aktis
aktu(mė)tės, aktis
aktyvėtis, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjuosi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjiesi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjasi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjamės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjatės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėks, aktyvėtis
aktyvėkitės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėkimės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjausi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjaisi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjosi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjomės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėjotės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėdavausi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėdavaisi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėdavosi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėdavomės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėdavotės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėsiusi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėsisi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėsis, aktyvėtis
aktyvėsimės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėsitės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėčiausi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėtumeisi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėtųsi, aktyvėtis
aktyvėtu(mė)mės, aktyvėtis
aktyvėtu(mė)tės, aktyvėtis
aktyvintis, aktyvintis
aktyvinuosi, aktyvintis
aktyviniesi, aktyvintis
aktyvinasi, aktyvintis
aktyvinamės, aktyvintis
aktyvinatės, aktyvintis
aktyvinks, aktyvintis
aktyvinkitės, aktyvintis
aktyvinkimės, aktyvintis
aktyvinausi, aktyvintis
aktyvinaisi, aktyvintis
aktyvinosi, aktyvintis
aktyvinomės, aktyvintis
aktyvinotės, aktyvintis
aktyvindavausi, aktyvintis
aktyvindavaisi, aktyvintis
aktyvindavosi, aktyvintis
aktyvindavomės, aktyvintis
aktyvindavotės, aktyvintis
aktyvinsiusi, aktyvintis
aktyvinsisi, aktyvintis
aktyvinsis, aktyvintis
aktyvinsimės, aktyvintis
aktyvinsitės, aktyvintis
aktyvinčiausi, aktyvintis
aktyvintumeisi, aktyvintis
aktyvintųsi, aktyvintis
aktyvintu(mė)mės, aktyvintis
aktyvintu(mė)tės, aktyvintis
aktyvuotis, aktyvuotis
aktyvuojuosi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuojiesi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuojasi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuojamės, aktyvuotis
aktyvuojatės, aktyvuotis
aktyvuoks, aktyvuotis
aktyvuokitės, aktyvuotis
aktyvuokimės, aktyvuotis
aktyvavausi, aktyvuotis
aktyvavaisi, aktyvuotis
aktyvavosi, aktyvuotis
aktyvavomės, aktyvuotis
aktyvavotės, aktyvuotis
aktyvuodavausi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuodavaisi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuodavosi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuodavomės, aktyvuotis
aktyvuodavotės, aktyvuotis
aktyvuosiusi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuosisi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuosis, aktyvuotis
aktyvuosimės, aktyvuotis
aktyvuositės, aktyvuotis
aktyvuočiausi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuotumeisi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuotųsi, aktyvuotis
aktyvuotu(mė)mės, aktyvuotis
aktyvuotu(mė)tės, aktyvuotis
alktis, alktis
alkstuosi, alktis
alkstiesi, alktis
alkstasi, alktis
alkstamės, alktis
alkstatės, alktis
alks, alktis
alkitės, alktis
alkimės, alktis
alkausi, alktis
alkaisi, alktis
alkosi, alktis
alkomės, alktis
alkotės, alktis
alkdavausi, alktis
alkdavaisi, alktis
alkdavosi, alktis
alkdavomės, alktis
alkdavotės, alktis
alksiusi, alktis
alksisi, alktis
alksis, alktis
alksimės, alktis
alksitės, alktis
alkčiausi, alktis
alktumeisi, alktis
alktųsi, alktis
alktu(mė)mės, alktis
alktu(mė)tės, alktis
alptis, alptis
alpstuosi, alptis
alpstiesi, alptis
alpstasi, alptis
alpstamės, alptis
alpstatės, alptis
alpks, alptis
alpkitės, alptis
alpkimės, alptis
alpausi, alptis
alpaisi, alptis
alposi, alptis
alpomės, alptis
alpotės, alptis
alpdavausi, alptis
alpdavaisi, alptis
alpdavosi, alptis
alpdavomės, alptis
alpdavotės, alptis
alpsiusi, alptis
alpsisi, alptis
alpsis, alptis
alpsimės, alptis
alpsitės, alptis
alpčiausi, alptis
alptumeisi, alptis
alptųsi, alptis
alptu(mė)mės, alptis
alptu(mė)tės, alptis
alsintis, alsintis
alsinuosi, alsintis
alsiniesi, alsintis
alsinasi, alsintis
alsinamės, alsintis
alsinatės, alsintis
alsinks, alsintis
alsinkitės, alsintis
alsinkimės, alsintis
alsinausi, alsintis
alsinaisi, alsintis
alsinosi, alsintis
alsinomės, alsintis
alsinotės, alsintis
alsindavausi, alsintis
alsindavaisi, alsintis
alsindavosi, alsintis
alsindavomės, alsintis
alsindavotės, alsintis
alsinsiusi, alsintis
alsinsisi, alsintis
alsinsis, alsintis
alsinsimės, alsintis
alsinsitės, alsintis
alsinčiausi, alsintis
alsintumeisi, alsintis
alsintųsi, alsintis
alsintu(mė)mės, alsintis
alsintu(mė)tės, alsintis
amputuotis, amputuotis
amputuojuosi, amputuotis
amputuojiesi, amputuotis
amputuojasi, amputuotis
amputuojamės, amputuotis
amputuojatės, amputuotis
amputuoks, amputuotis
amputuokitės, amputuotis
amputuokimės, amputuotis
amputavausi, amputuotis
amputavaisi, amputuotis
amputavosi, amputuotis
amputavomės, amputuotis
amputavotės, amputuotis
amputuodavausi, amputuotis
amputuodavaisi, amputuotis
amputuodavosi, amputuotis
amputuodavomės, amputuotis
amputuodavotės, amputuotis
amputuosiusi, amputuotis
amputuosisi, amputuotis
amputuosis, amputuotis
amputuosimės, amputuotis
amputuositės, amputuotis
amputuočiausi, amputuotis
amputuotumeisi, amputuotis
amputuotųsi, amputuotis
amputuotu(mė)mės, amputuotis
amputuotu(mė)tės, amputuotis
amsėtis, amsėtis
amsiusi, amsėtis
amsisi, amsėtis
amsisi, amsėtis
amsimės, amsėtis
amsitės, amsėtis
amsėks, amsėtis
amsėkitės, amsėtis
amsėkimės, amsėtis
amsėjausi, amsėtis
amsėjaisi, amsėtis
amsėjosi, amsėtis
amsėjomės, amsėtis
amsėjotės, amsėtis
amsėdavausi, amsėtis
amsėdavaisi, amsėtis
amsėdavosi, amsėtis
amsėdavomės, amsėtis
amsėdavotės, amsėtis
amsėsiusi, amsėtis
amsėsisi, amsėtis
amsėsis, amsėtis
amsėsimės, amsėtis
amsėsitės, amsėtis
amsėčiausi, amsėtis
amsėtumeisi, amsėtis
amsėtųsi, amsėtis
amsėtu(mė)mės, amsėtis
amsėtu(mė)tės, amsėtis
amžintis, amžintis
amžinuosi, amžintis
amžiniesi, amžintis
amžinasi, amžintis
amžinamės, amžintis
amžinatės, amžintis
amžinks, amžintis
amžinkitės, amžintis
amžinkimės, amžintis
amžinausi, amžintis
amžinaisi, amžintis
amžinosi, amžintis
amžinomės, amžintis
amžinotės, amžintis
amžindavausi, amžintis
amžindavaisi, amžintis
amžindavosi, amžintis
amžindavomės, amžintis
amžindavotės, amžintis
amžinsiusi, amžintis
amžinsisi, amžintis
amžinsis, amžintis
amžinsimės, amžintis
amžinsitės, amžintis
amžinčiausi, amžintis
amžintumeisi, amžintis
amžintųsi, amžintis
amžintu(mė)mės, amžintis
amžintu(mė)tės, amžintis
analizuotis, analizuotis
analizuojuosi, analizuotis
analizuojiesi, analizuotis
analizuojasi, analizuotis
analizuojamės, analizuotis
analizuojatės, analizuotis
analizuoks, analizuotis
analizuokitės, analizuotis
analizuokimės, analizuotis
analizavausi, analizuotis
analizavaisi, analizuotis
analizavosi, analizuotis
analizavomės, analizuotis
analizavotės, analizuotis
analizuodavausi, analizuotis
analizuodavaisi, analizuotis
analizuodavosi, analizuotis
analizuodavomės, analizuotis
analizuodavotės, analizuotis
analizuosiusi, analizuotis
analizuosisi, analizuotis
analizuosis, analizuotis
analizuosimės, analizuotis
analizuositės, analizuotis
analizuočiausi, analizuotis
analizuotumeisi, analizuotis
analizuotųsi, analizuotis
analizuotu(mė)mės, analizuotis
analizuotu(mė)tės, analizuotis
aneksuotis, aneksuotis
aneksuojuosi, aneksuotis
aneksuojiesi, aneksuotis
aneksuojasi, aneksuotis
aneksuojamės, aneksuotis
aneksuojatės, aneksuotis
aneksuoks, aneksuotis
aneksuokitės, aneksuotis
aneksuokimės, aneksuotis
aneksavausi, aneksuotis
aneksavaisi, aneksuotis
aneksavosi, aneksuotis
aneksavomės, aneksuotis
aneksavotės, aneksuotis
aneksuodavausi, aneksuotis
aneksuodavaisi, aneksuotis
aneksuodavosi, aneksuotis
aneksuodavomės, aneksuotis
aneksuodavotės, aneksuotis
aneksuosiusi, aneksuotis
aneksuosisi, aneksuotis
aneksuosis, aneksuotis
aneksuosimės, aneksuotis
aneksuositės, aneksuotis
aneksuočiausi, aneksuotis
aneksuotumeisi, aneksuotis
aneksuotųsi, aneksuotis
aneksuotu(mė)mės, aneksuotis
aneksuotu(mė)tės, aneksuotis
antspauduotis, antspauduotis
antspauduojuosi, antspauduotis
antspauduojiesi, antspauduotis
antspauduojasi, antspauduotis
antspauduojamės, antspauduotis
antspauduojatės, antspauduotis
antspauduoks, antspauduotis
antspauduokitės, antspauduotis
antspauduokimės, antspauduotis
antspaudavausi, antspauduotis
antspaudavaisi, antspauduotis
antspaudavosi, antspauduotis
antspaudavomės, antspauduotis
antspaudavotės, antspauduotis
antspauduodavausi, antspauduotis
antspauduodavaisi, antspauduotis
antspauduodavosi, antspauduotis
antspauduodavomės, antspauduotis
antspauduodavotės, antspauduotis
antspauduosiusi, antspauduotis
antspauduosisi, antspauduotis
antspauduosis, antspauduotis
antspauduosimės, antspauduotis
antspauduositės, antspauduotis
antspauduočiausi, antspauduotis
antspauduotumeisi, antspauduotis
antspauduotųsi, antspauduotis
antspauduotu(mė)mės, antspauduotis
antspauduotu(mė)tės, antspauduotis
ardytis, ardytis
ardžausi, ardytis
ardaisi, ardytis
ardosi, ardytis
ardomės, ardytis
ardotės, ardytis
ardyks, ardytis
ardykitės, ardytis
ardykimės, ardytis
ardeisi, ardytis
ardėsi, ardytis
ardėmės, ardytis
ardėtės, ardytis
ardydavausi, ardytis
ardydavaisi, ardytis
ardydavosi, ardytis
ardydavomės, ardytis
ardydavotės, ardytis
ardysiusi, ardytis
ardysisi, ardytis
ardysis, ardytis
ardysimės, ardytis
ardysitės, ardytis
ardyčiausi, ardytis
ardytumeisi, ardytis
ardytųsi, ardytis
ardytu(mė)mės, ardytis
ardytu(mė)tės, ardytis
areštuotis, areštuotis
areštuojuosi, areštuotis
areštuojiesi, areštuotis
areštuojasi, areštuotis
areštuojamės, areštuotis
areštuojatės, areštuotis
areštuoks, areštuotis
areštuokitės, areštuotis
areštuokimės, areštuotis
areštavausi, areštuotis
areštavaisi, areštuotis
areštavosi, areštuotis
areštavomės, areštuotis
areštavotės, areštuotis
areštuodavausi, areštuotis
areštuodavaisi, areštuotis
areštuodavosi, areštuotis
areštuodavomės, areštuotis
areštuodavotės, areštuotis
areštuosiusi, areštuotis
areštuosisi, areštuotis
areštuosis, areštuotis
areštuosimės, areštuotis
areštuositės, areštuotis
areštuočiausi, areštuotis
areštuotumeisi, areštuotis
areštuotųsi, areštuotis
areštuotu(mė)mės, areštuotis
areštuotu(mė)tės, areštuotis
artėtis, artėtis
artėjuosi, artėtis
artėjiesi, artėtis
artėjasi, artėtis
artėjamės, artėtis
artėjatės, artėtis
artėks, artėtis
artėkitės, artėtis
artėkimės, artėtis
artėjausi, artėtis
artėjaisi, artėtis
artėjosi, artėtis
artėjomės, artėtis
artėjotės, artėtis
artėdavausi, artėtis
artėdavaisi, artėtis
artėdavosi, artėtis
artėdavomės, artėtis
artėdavotės, artėtis
artėsiusi, artėtis
artėsisi, artėtis
artėsis, artėtis
artėsimės, artėtis
artėsitės, artėtis
artėčiausi, artėtis
artėtumeisi, artėtis
artėtųsi, artėtis
artėtu(mė)mės, artėtis
artėtu(mė)tės, artėtis
artis, artis
ariuosi, artis
ariesi, artis
ariasi, artis
ariamės, artis
ariatės, artis
arks, artis
arkitės, artis
arkimės, artis
ariausi, artis
areisi, artis
arėsi, artis
arėmės, artis
arėtės, artis
ardavausi, artis
ardavaisi, artis
ardavosi, artis
ardavomės, artis
ardavotės, artis
arsiusi, artis
arsisi, artis
arsis, artis
arsimės, artis
arsitės, artis
arčiausi, artis
artumeisi, artis
artųsi, artis
artu(mė)mės, artis
artu(mė)tės, artis
artintis, artintis
artinuosi, artintis
artiniesi, artintis
artinasi, artintis
artinamės, artintis
artinatės, artintis
artinks, artintis
artinkitės, artintis
artinkimės, artintis
artinausi, artintis
artinaisi, artintis
artinosi, artintis
artinomės, artintis
artinotės, artintis
artindavausi, artintis
artindavaisi, artintis
artindavosi, artintis
artindavomės, artintis
artindavotės, artintis
artinsiusi, artintis
artinsisi, artintis
artinsis, artintis
artinsimės, artintis
artinsitės, artintis
artinčiausi, artintis
artintumeisi, artintis
artintųsi, artintis
artintu(mė)mės, artintis
artintu(mė)tės, artintis
asimiliuotis, asimiliuotis
asimiliuojuosi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuojiesi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuojasi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuojamės, asimiliuotis
asimiliuojatės, asimiliuotis
asimiliuoks, asimiliuotis
asimiliuokitės, asimiliuotis
asimiliuokimės, asimiliuotis
asimiliavausi, asimiliuotis
asimiliavaisi, asimiliuotis
asimiliavosi, asimiliuotis
asimiliavomės, asimiliuotis
asimiliavotės, asimiliuotis
asimiliuodavausi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuodavaisi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuodavosi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuodavomės, asimiliuotis
asimiliuodavotės, asimiliuotis
asimiliuosiusi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuosisi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuosis, asimiliuotis
asimiliuosimės, asimiliuotis
asimiliuositės, asimiliuotis
asimiliuočiausi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuotumeisi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuotųsi, asimiliuotis
asimiliuotu(mė)mės, asimiliuotis
asimiliuotu(mė)tės, asimiliuotis
asmenuotis, asmenuotis
asmenuojuosi, asmenuotis
asmenuojiesi, asmenuotis
asmenuojasi, asmenuotis
asmenuojamės, asmenuotis
asmenuojatės, asmenuotis
asmenuoks, asmenuotis
asmenuokitės, asmenuotis
asmenuokimės, asmenuotis
asmenavausi, asmenuotis
asmenavaisi, asmenuotis
asmenavosi, asmenuotis
asmenavomės, asmenuotis
asmenavotės, asmenuotis
asmenuodavausi, asmenuotis
asmenuodavaisi, asmenuotis
asmenuodavosi, asmenuotis
asmenuodavomės, asmenuotis
asmenuodavotės, asmenuotis
asmenuosiusi, asmenuotis
asmenuosisi, asmenuotis
asmenuosis, asmenuotis
asmenuosimės, asmenuotis
asmenuositės, asmenuotis
asmenuočiausi, asmenuotis
asmenuotumeisi, asmenuotis
asmenuotųsi, asmenuotis
asmenuotu(mė)mės, asmenuotis
asmenuotu(mė)tės, asmenuotis
asocijuotis, asocijuotis
asocijuojuosi, asocijuotis
asocijuojiesi, asocijuotis
asocijuojasi, asocijuotis
asocijuojamės, asocijuotis
asocijuojatės, asocijuotis
asocijuoks, asocijuotis
asocijuokitės, asocijuotis
asocijuokimės, asocijuotis
asocijavausi, asocijuotis
asocijavaisi, asocijuotis
asocijavosi, asocijuotis
asocijavomės, asocijuotis
asocijavotės, asocijuotis
asocijuodavausi, asocijuotis
asocijuodavaisi, asocijuotis
asocijuodavosi, asocijuotis
asocijuodavomės, asocijuotis
asocijuodavotės, asocijuotis
asocijuosiusi, asocijuotis
asocijuosisi, asocijuotis
asocijuosis, asocijuotis
asocijuosimės, asocijuotis
asocijuositės, asocijuotis
asocijuočiausi, asocijuotis
asocijuotumeisi, asocijuotis
asocijuotųsi, asocijuotis
asocijuotu(mė)mės, asocijuotis
asocijuotu(mė)tės, asocijuotis
audėtis, audėtis
audžuosi, audėtis
audiesi, audėtis
audasi, audėtis
audamės, audėtis
audatės, audėtis
audėks, audėtis
audėkitės, audėtis
audėkimės, audėtis
audėjausi, audėtis
audėjaisi, audėtis
audėjosi, audėtis
audėjomės, audėtis
audėjotės, audėtis
audėdavausi, audėtis
audėdavaisi, audėtis
audėdavosi, audėtis
audėdavomės, audėtis
audėdavotės, audėtis
audėsiusi, audėtis
audėsisi, audėtis
audėsis, audėtis
audėsimės, audėtis
audėsitės, audėtis
audėčiausi, audėtis
audėtumeisi, audėtis
audėtųsi, audėtis
audėtu(mė)mės, audėtis
audėtu(mė)tės, audėtis
augintis, augintis
auginuosi, augintis
auginiesi, augintis
auginasi, augintis
auginamės, augintis
auginatės, augintis
auginks, augintis
auginkitės, augintis
auginkimės, augintis
auginausi, augintis
auginaisi, augintis
auginosi, augintis
auginomės, augintis
auginotės, augintis
augindavausi, augintis
augindavaisi, augintis
augindavosi, augintis
augindavomės, augintis
augindavotės, augintis
auginsiusi, augintis
auginsisi, augintis
auginsis, augintis
auginsimės, augintis
auginsitės, augintis
auginčiausi, augintis
augintumeisi, augintis
augintųsi, augintis
augintu(mė)mės, augintis
augintu(mė)tės, augintis
augtis, augtis
auguosi, augtis
augiesi, augtis
augasi, augtis
augamės, augtis
augatės, augtis
auks, augtis
aukitės, augtis
aukimės, augtis
augausi, augtis
augaisi, augtis
augosi, augtis
augomės, augtis
augotės, augtis
augdavausi, augtis
augdavaisi, augtis
augdavosi, augtis
augdavomės, augtis
augdavotės, augtis
augsiusi, augtis
augsisi, augtis
augsis, augtis
augsimės, augtis
augsitės, augtis
augčiausi, augtis
augtumeisi, augtis
augtųsi, augtis
augtu(mė)mės, augtis
augtu(mė)tės, augtis
auklėtis, auklėtis
auklėjuosi, auklėtis
auklėjiesi, auklėtis
auklėjasi, auklėtis
auklėjamės, auklėtis
auklėjatės, auklėtis
auklėks, auklėtis
auklėkitės, auklėtis
auklėkimės, auklėtis
auklėjausi, auklėtis
auklėjaisi, auklėtis
auklėjosi, auklėtis
auklėjomės, auklėtis
auklėjotės, auklėtis
auklėdavausi, auklėtis
auklėdavaisi, auklėtis
auklėdavosi, auklėtis
auklėdavomės, auklėtis
auklėdavotės, auklėtis
auklėsiusi, auklėtis
auklėsisi, auklėtis
auklėsis, auklėtis
auklėsimės, auklėtis
auklėsitės, auklėtis
auklėčiausi, auklėtis
auklėtumeisi, auklėtis
auklėtųsi, auklėtis
auklėtu(mė)mės, auklėtis
auklėtu(mė)tės, auklėtis
aukotis, aukotis
aukojuosi, aukotis
aukojiesi, aukotis
aukojasi, aukotis
aukojamės, aukotis
aukojatės, aukotis
aukoks, aukotis
aukokitės, aukotis
aukokimės, aukotis
aukojausi, aukotis
aukojaisi, aukotis
aukojosi, aukotis
aukojomės, aukotis
aukojotės, aukotis
aukodavausi, aukotis
aukodavaisi, aukotis
aukodavosi, aukotis
aukodavomės, aukotis
aukodavotės, aukotis
aukosiusi, aukotis
aukosisi, aukotis
aukosis, aukotis
aukosimės, aukotis
aukositės, aukotis
aukočiausi, aukotis
aukotumeisi, aukotis
aukotųsi, aukotis
aukotu(mė)mės, aukotis
aukotu(mė)tės, aukotis
aukštintis, aukštintis
aukštinuosi, aukštintis
aukštiniesi, aukštintis
aukštinasi, aukštintis
aukštinamės, aukštintis
aukštinatės, aukštintis
aukštinks, aukštintis
aukštinkitės, aukštintis
aukštinkimės, aukštintis
aukštinausi, aukštintis
aukštinaisi, aukštintis
aukštinosi, aukštintis
aukštinomės, aukštintis
aukštinotės, aukštintis
aukštindavausi, aukštintis
aukštindavaisi, aukštintis
aukštindavosi, aukštintis
aukštindavomės, aukštintis
aukštindavotės, aukštintis
aukštinsiusi, aukštintis
aukštinsisi, aukštintis
aukštinsis, aukštintis
aukštinsimės, aukštintis
aukštinsitės, aukštintis
aukštinčiausi, aukštintis
aukštintumeisi, aukštintis
aukštintųsi, aukštintis
aukštintu(mė)mės, aukštintis
aukštintu(mė)tės, aukštintis
auksuotis, auksuotis
auksuojuosi, auksuotis
auksuojiesi, auksuotis
auksuojasi, auksuotis
auksuojamės, auksuotis
auksuojatės, auksuotis
auksuoks, auksuotis
auksuokitės, auksuotis
auksuokimės, auksuotis
auksavausi, auksuotis
auksavaisi, auksuotis
auksavosi, auksuotis
auksavomės, auksuotis
auksavotės, auksuotis
auksuodavausi, auksuotis
auksuodavaisi, auksuotis
auksuodavosi, auksuotis
auksuodavomės, auksuotis
auksuodavotės, auksuotis
auksuosiusi, auksuotis
auksuosisi, auksuotis
auksuosis, auksuotis
auksuosimės, auksuotis
auksuositės, auksuotis
auksuočiausi, auksuotis
auksuotumeisi, auksuotis
auksuotųsi, auksuotis
auksuotu(mė)mės, auksuotis
auksuotu(mė)tės, auksuotis
austis, austis
audžiuosi, austis
audžiesi, austis
audžiasi, austis
audžiamės, austis
audžiatės, austis
ausks, austis
auskitės, austis
auskimės, austis
audeisi, austis
audėsi, austis
audėmės, austis
audėtės, austis
ausdavausi, austis
ausdavaisi, austis
ausdavosi, austis
ausdavomės, austis
ausdavotės, austis
ausiusi, austis
ausisi, austis
ausis, austis
ausimės, austis
ausitės, austis
ausčiausi, austis
austumeisi, austis
austųsi, austis
austu(mė)mės, austis
austu(mė)tės, austis
auštis, auštis
audžiuosi, auštis
audžiesi, auštis
audžiasi, auštis
audžiamės, auštis
audžiatės, auštis
aušks, auštis
auškitės, auštis
auškimės, auštis
audeisi, auštis
audėsi, auštis
audėmės, auštis
audėtės, auštis
aušdavausi, auštis
aušdavaisi, auštis
aušdavosi, auštis
aušdavomės, auštis
aušdavotės, auštis
auššiusi, auštis
auššisi, auštis
auššis, auštis
auššimės, auštis
auššitės, auštis
auščiausi, auštis
auštumeisi, auštis
auštųsi, auštis
auštu(mė)mės, auštis
auštu(mė)tės, auštis
autis, autis
aunuosi, autis
auniesi, autis
aunasi, autis
aunamės, autis
aunatės, autis
auks, autis
aukitės, autis
aukimės, autis
aviausi, autis
aveisi, autis
avėsi, autis
avėmės, autis
avėtės, autis
audavausi, autis
audavaisi, autis
audavosi, autis
audavomės, autis
audavotės, autis
ausiusi, autis
ausisi, autis
ausis, autis
ausimės, autis
ausitės, autis
aučiausi, autis
autumeisi, autis
autųsi, autis
autu(mė)mės, autis
autu(mė)tės, autis
automatizuotis, automatizuotis
automatizuojuosi, automatizuotis
automatizuojiesi, automatizuotis
automatizuojasi, automatizuotis
automatizuojamės, automatizuotis
automatizuojatės, automatizuotis
automatizuoks, automatizuotis
automatizuokitės, automatizuotis
automatizuokimės, automatizuotis
automatizavausi, automatizuotis
automatizavaisi, automatizuotis
automatizavosi, automatizuotis
automatizavomės, automatizuotis
automatizavotės, automatizuotis
automatizuodavausi, automatizuotis
automatizuodavaisi, automatizuotis
automatizuodavosi, automatizuotis
automatizuodavomės, automatizuotis
automatizuodavotės, automatizuotis
automatizuosiusi, automatizuotis
automatizuosisi, automatizuotis
automatizuosis, automatizuotis
automatizuosimės, automatizuotis
automatizuositės, automatizuotis
automatizuočiausi, automatizuotis
automatizuotumeisi, automatizuotis
automatizuotųsi, automatizuotis
automatizuotu(mė)mės, automatizuotis
automatizuotu(mė)tės, automatizuotis
avėtis, avėtis
aviusi, avėtis
avisi, avėtis
avisi, avėtis
avimės, avėtis
avitės, avėtis
avėks, avėtis
avėkitės, avėtis
avėkimės, avėtis
avėjausi, avėtis
avėjaisi, avėtis
avėjosi, avėtis
avėjomės, avėtis
avėjotės, avėtis
avėdavausi, avėtis
avėdavaisi, avėtis
avėdavosi, avėtis
avėdavomės, avėtis
avėdavotės, avėtis
avėsiusi, avėtis
avėsisi, avėtis
avėsis, avėtis
avėsimės, avėtis
avėsitės, avėtis
avėčiausi, avėtis
avėtumeisi, avėtis
avėtųsi, avėtis
avėtu(mė)mės, avėtis
avėtu(mė)tės, avėtis
badautis, badautis
badaujuosi, badautis
badaujiesi, badautis
badaujasi, badautis
badaujamės, badautis
badaujatės, badautis
badauks, badautis
badaukitės, badautis
badaukimės, badautis
badavausi, badautis
badavaisi, badautis
badavosi, badautis
badavomės, badautis
badavotės, badautis
badaudavausi, badautis
badaudavaisi, badautis
badaudavosi, badautis
badaudavomės, badautis
badaudavotės, badautis
badausiusi, badautis
badausisi, badautis
badausis, badautis
badausimės, badautis
badausitės, badautis
badaučiausi, badautis
badautumeisi, badautis
badautųsi, badautis
badautu(mė)mės, badautis
badautu(mė)tės, badautis
badytis, badytis
badžausi, badytis
badaisi, badytis
badosi, badytis
badomės, badytis
badotės, badytis
badyks, badytis
badykitės, badytis
badykimės, badytis
badeisi, badytis
badėsi, badytis
badėmės, badytis
badėtės, badytis
badydavausi, badytis
badydavaisi, badytis
badydavosi, badytis
badydavomės, badytis
badydavotės, badytis
badysiusi, badytis
badysisi, badytis
badysis, badytis
badysimės, badytis
badysitės, badytis
badyčiausi, badytis
badytumeisi, badytis
badytųsi, badytis
badytu(mė)mės, badytis
badytu(mė)tės, badytis
baidytis, baidytis
baidžausi, baidytis
baidaisi, baidytis
baidosi, baidytis
baidomės, baidytis
baidotės, baidytis
baidyks, baidytis
baidykitės, baidytis
baidykimės, baidytis
baideisi, baidytis
baidėsi, baidytis
baidėmės, baidytis
baidėtės, baidytis
baidydavausi, baidytis
baidydavaisi, baidytis
baidydavosi, baidytis
baidydavomės, baidytis
baidydavotės, baidytis
baidysiusi, baidytis
baidysisi, baidytis
baidysis, baidytis
baidysimės, baidytis
baidysitės, baidytis
baidyčiausi, baidytis
baidytumeisi, baidytis
baidytųsi, baidytis
baidytu(mė)mės, baidytis
baidytu(mė)tės, baidytis
baigtis, baigtis
baigiuosi, baigtis
baigiesi, baigtis
baigiasi, baigtis
baigiamės, baigtis
baigiatės, baigtis
baiks, baigtis
baikitės, baigtis
baikimės, baigtis
baigiausi, baigtis
baigeisi, baigtis
baigėsi, baigtis
baigėmės, baigtis
baigėtės, baigtis
baigdavausi, baigtis
baigdavaisi, baigtis
baigdavosi, baigtis
baigdavomės, baigtis
baigdavotės, baigtis
baigsiusi, baigtis
baigsisi, baigtis
baigsis, baigtis
baigsimės, baigtis
baigsitės, baigtis
baigčiausi, baigtis
baigtumeisi, baigtis
baigtųsi, baigtis
baigtu(mė)mės, baigtis
baigtu(mė)tės, baigtis
baimintis, baimintis
baiminuosi, baimintis
baiminiesi, baimintis
baiminasi, baimintis
baiminamės, baimintis
baiminatės, baimintis
baiminks, baimintis
baiminkitės, baimintis
baiminkimės, baimintis
baiminausi, baimintis
baiminaisi, baimintis
baiminosi, baimintis
baiminomės, baimintis
baiminotės, baimintis
baimindavausi, baimintis
baimindavaisi, baimintis
baimindavosi, baimintis
baimindavomės, baimintis
baimindavotės, baimintis
baiminsiusi, baimintis
baiminsisi, baimintis
baiminsis, baimintis
baiminsimės, baimintis
baiminsitės, baimintis
baiminčiausi, baimintis
baimintumeisi, baimintis
baimintųsi, baimintis
baimintu(mė)mės, baimintis
baimintu(mė)tės, baimintis
baisėtis, baisėtis
baisėjuosi, baisėtis
baisėjiesi, baisėtis
baisėjasi, baisėtis
baisėjamės, baisėtis
baisėjatės, baisėtis
baisėks, baisėtis
baisėkitės, baisėtis
baisėkimės, baisėtis
baisėjausi, baisėtis
baisėjaisi, baisėtis
baisėjosi, baisėtis
baisėjomės, baisėtis
baisėjotės, baisėtis
baisėdavausi, baisėtis
baisėdavaisi, baisėtis
baisėdavosi, baisėtis
baisėdavomės, baisėtis
baisėdavotės, baisėtis
baisėsiusi, baisėtis
baisėsisi, baisėtis
baisėsis, baisėtis
baisėsimės, baisėtis
baisėsitės, baisėtis
baisėčiausi, baisėtis
baisėtumeisi, baisėtis
baisėtųsi, baisėtis
baisėtu(mė)mės, baisėtis
baisėtu(mė)tės, baisėtis
bakstelėtis, bakstelėtis
baksteliusi, bakstelėtis
bakstelisi, bakstelėtis
bakstelisi, bakstelėtis
bakstelimės, bakstelėtis
bakstelitės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėks, bakstelėtis
bakstelėkitės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėkimės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėjausi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėjaisi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėjosi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėjomės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėjotės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėdavausi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėdavaisi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėdavosi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėdavomės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėdavotės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėsiusi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėsisi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėsis, bakstelėtis
bakstelėsimės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėsitės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėčiausi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėtumeisi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėtųsi, bakstelėtis
bakstelėtu(mė)mės, bakstelėtis
bakstelėtu(mė)tės, bakstelėtis
balansuotis, balansuotis
balansuojuosi, balansuotis
balansuojiesi, balansuotis
balansuojasi, balansuotis
balansuojamės, balansuotis
balansuojatės, balansuotis
balansuoks, balansuotis
balansuokitės, balansuotis
balansuokimės, balansuotis
balansavausi, balansuotis
balansavaisi, balansuotis
balansavosi, balansuotis
balansavomės, balansuotis
balansavotės, balansuotis
balansuodavausi, balansuotis
balansuodavaisi, balansuotis
balansuodavosi, balansuotis
balansuodavomės, balansuotis
balansuodavotės, balansuotis
balansuosiusi, balansuotis
balansuosisi, balansuotis
balansuosis, balansuotis
balansuosimės, balansuotis
balansuositės, balansuotis
balansuočiausi, balansuotis
balansuotumeisi, balansuotis
balansuotųsi, balansuotis
balansuotu(mė)mės, balansuotis
balansuotu(mė)tės, balansuotis
balintis, balintis
balinuosi, balintis
baliniesi, balintis
balinasi, balintis
balinamės, balintis
balinatės, balintis
balinks, balintis
balinkitės, balintis
balinkimės, balintis
balinausi, balintis
balinaisi, balintis
balinosi, balintis
balinomės, balintis
balinotės, balintis
balindavausi, balintis
balindavaisi, balintis
balindavosi, balintis
balindavomės, balintis
balindavotės, balintis
balinsiusi, balintis
balinsisi, balintis
balinsis, balintis
balinsimės, balintis
balinsitės, balintis
balinčiausi, balintis
balintumeisi, balintis
balintųsi, balintis
balintu(mė)mės, balintis
balintu(mė)tės, balintis
balnotis, balnotis
balnojuosi, balnotis
balnojiesi, balnotis
balnojasi, balnotis
balnojamės, balnotis
balnojatės, balnotis
balnoks, balnotis
balnokitės, balnotis
balnokimės, balnotis
balnojausi, balnotis
balnojaisi, balnotis
balnojosi, balnotis
balnojomės, balnotis
balnojotės, balnotis
balnodavausi, balnotis
balnodavaisi, balnotis
balnodavosi, balnotis
balnodavomės, balnotis
balnodavotės, balnotis
balnosiusi, balnotis
balnosisi, balnotis
balnosis, balnotis
balnosimės, balnotis
balnositės, balnotis
balnočiausi, balnotis
balnotumeisi, balnotis
balnotųsi, balnotis
balnotu(mė)mės, balnotis
balnotu(mė)tės, balnotis
balstis, balstis
balstuosi, balstis
balstiesi, balstis
balstasi, balstis
balstamės, balstis
balstatės, balstis
balsks, balstis
balskitės, balstis
balskimės, balstis
balausi, balstis
balaisi, balstis
balosi, balstis
balomės, balstis
balotės, balstis
balsdavausi, balstis
balsdavaisi, balstis
balsdavosi, balstis
balsdavomės, balstis
balsdavotės, balstis
balsiusi, balstis
balsisi, balstis
balsis, balstis
balsimės, balstis
balsitės, balstis
balsčiausi, balstis
balstumeisi, balstis
balstųsi, balstis
balstu(mė)mės, balstis
balstu(mė)tės, balstis
balsuotis, balsuotis
balsuojuosi, balsuotis
balsuojiesi, balsuotis
balsuojasi, balsuotis
balsuojamės, balsuotis
balsuojatės, balsuotis
balsuoks, balsuotis
balsuokitės, balsuotis
balsuokimės, balsuotis
balsavausi, balsuotis
balsavaisi, balsuotis
balsavosi, balsuotis
balsavomės, balsuotis
balsavotės, balsuotis
balsuodavausi, balsuotis
balsuodavaisi, balsuotis
balsuodavosi, balsuotis
balsuodavomės, balsuotis
balsuodavotės, balsuotis
balsuosiusi, balsuotis
balsuosisi, balsuotis
balsuosis, balsuotis
balsuosimės, balsuotis
balsuositės, balsuotis
balsuočiausi, balsuotis
balsuotumeisi, balsuotis
balsuotųsi, balsuotis
balsuotu(mė)mės, balsuotis
balsuotu(mė)tės, balsuotis
baltėtis, baltėtis
baltėjuosi, baltėtis
baltėjiesi, baltėtis
baltėjasi, baltėtis
baltėjamės, baltėtis
baltėjatės, baltėtis
baltėks, baltėtis
baltėkitės, baltėtis
baltėkimės, baltėtis
baltėjausi, baltėtis
baltėjaisi, baltėtis
baltėjosi, baltėtis
baltėjomės, baltėtis
baltėjotės, baltėtis
baltėdavausi, baltėtis
baltėdavaisi, baltėtis
baltėdavosi, baltėtis
baltėdavomės, baltėtis
baltėdavotės, baltėtis
baltėsiusi, baltėtis
baltėsisi, baltėtis
baltėsis, baltėtis
baltėsimės, baltėtis
baltėsitės, baltėtis
baltėčiausi, baltėtis
baltėtumeisi, baltėtis
baltėtųsi, baltėtis
baltėtu(mė)mės, baltėtis
baltėtu(mė)tės, baltėtis
baltis, baltis
bąluosi, baltis
bąliesi, baltis
bąlasi, baltis
bąlamės, baltis
bąlatės, baltis
balks, baltis
balkitės, baltis
balkimės, baltis
balausi, baltis
balaisi, baltis
balosi, baltis
balomės, baltis
balotės, baltis
baldavausi, baltis
baldavaisi, baltis
baldavosi, baltis
baldavomės, baltis
baldavotės, baltis
balsiusi, baltis
balsisi, baltis
balsis, baltis
balsimės, baltis
balsitės, baltis
balčiausi, baltis
baltumeisi, baltis
baltųsi, baltis
baltu(mė)mės, baltis
baltu(mė)tės, baltis
baltintis, baltintis
baltinuosi, baltintis
baltiniesi, baltintis
baltinasi, baltintis
baltinamės, baltintis
baltinatės, baltintis
baltinks, baltintis
baltinkitės, baltintis
baltinkimės, baltintis
baltinausi, baltintis
baltinaisi, baltintis
baltinosi, baltintis
baltinomės, baltintis
baltinotės, baltintis
baltindavausi, baltintis
baltindavaisi, baltintis
baltindavosi, baltintis
baltindavomės, baltintis
baltindavotės, baltintis
baltinsiusi, baltintis
baltinsisi, baltintis
baltinsis, baltintis
baltinsimės, baltintis
baltinsitės, baltintis
baltinčiausi, baltintis
baltintumeisi, baltintis
baltintųsi, baltintis
baltintu(mė)mės, baltintis
baltintu(mė)tės, baltintis
baltuotis, baltuotis
baltuojuosi, baltuotis
baltuojiesi, baltuotis
baltuojasi, baltuotis
baltuojamės, baltuotis
baltuojatės, baltuotis
baltuoks, baltuotis
baltuokitės, baltuotis
baltuokimės, baltuotis
baltavausi, baltuotis
baltavaisi, baltuotis
baltavosi, baltuotis
baltavomės, baltuotis
baltavotės, baltuotis
baltuodavausi, baltuotis
baltuodavaisi, baltuotis
baltuodavosi, baltuotis
baltuodavomės, baltuotis
baltuodavotės, baltuotis
baltuosiusi, baltuotis
baltuosisi, baltuotis
baltuosis, baltuotis
baltuosimės, baltuotis
baltuositės, baltuotis
baltuočiausi, baltuotis
baltuotumeisi, baltuotis
baltuotųsi, baltuotis
baltuotu(mė)mės, baltuotis
baltuotu(mė)tės, baltuotis
bandytis, bandytis
bandžausi, bandytis
bandaisi, bandytis
bandosi, bandytis
bandomės, bandytis
bandotės, bandytis
bandyks, bandytis
bandykitės, bandytis
bandykimės, bandytis
bandeisi, bandytis
bandėsi, bandytis
bandėmės, bandytis
bandėtės, bandytis
bandydavausi, bandytis
bandydavaisi, bandytis
bandydavosi, bandytis
bandydavomės, bandytis
bandydavotės, bandytis
bandysiusi, bandytis
bandysisi, bandytis
bandysis, bandytis
bandysimės, bandytis
bandysitės, bandytis
bandyčiausi, bandytis
bandytumeisi, bandytis
bandytųsi, bandytis
bandytu(mė)mės, bandytis
bandytu(mė)tės, bandytis
banguotis, banguotis
banguojuosi, banguotis
banguojiesi, banguotis
banguojasi, banguotis
banguojamės, banguotis
banguojatės, banguotis
banguoks, banguotis
banguokitės, banguotis
banguokimės, banguotis
bangavausi, banguotis
bangavaisi, banguotis
bangavosi, banguotis
bangavomės, banguotis
bangavotės, banguotis
banguodavausi, banguotis
banguodavaisi, banguotis
banguodavosi, banguotis
banguodavomės, banguotis
banguodavotės, banguotis
banguosiusi, banguotis
banguosisi, banguotis
banguosis, banguotis
banguosimės, banguotis
banguositės, banguotis
banguočiausi, banguotis
banguotumeisi, banguotis
banguotųsi, banguotis
banguotu(mė)mės, banguotis
banguotu(mė)tės, banguotis
bankrutuotis, bankrutuotis
bankrutuojuosi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuojiesi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuojasi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuojamės, bankrutuotis
bankrutuojatės, bankrutuotis
bankrutuoks, bankrutuotis
bankrutuokitės, bankrutuotis
bankrutuokimės, bankrutuotis
bankrutavausi, bankrutuotis
bankrutavaisi, bankrutuotis
bankrutavosi, bankrutuotis
bankrutavomės, bankrutuotis
bankrutavotės, bankrutuotis
bankrutuodavausi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuodavaisi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuodavosi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuodavomės, bankrutuotis
bankrutuodavotės, bankrutuotis
bankrutuosiusi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuosisi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuosis, bankrutuotis
bankrutuosimės, bankrutuotis
bankrutuositės, bankrutuotis
bankrutuočiausi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuotumeisi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuotųsi, bankrutuotis
bankrutuotu(mė)mės, bankrutuotis
bankrutuotu(mė)tės, bankrutuotis
barškintis, barškintis
barškinuosi, barškintis
barškiniesi, barškintis
barškinasi, barškintis
barškinamės, barškintis
barškinatės, barškintis
barškinks, barškintis
barškinkitės, barškintis
barškinkimės, barškintis
barškinausi, barškintis
barškinaisi, barškintis
barškinosi, barškintis
barškinomės, barškintis
barškinotės, barškintis
barškindavausi, barškintis
barškindavaisi, barškintis
barškindavosi, barškintis
barškindavomės, barškintis
barškindavotės, barškintis
barškinsiusi, barškintis
barškinsisi, barškintis
barškinsis, barškintis
barškinsimės, barškintis
barškinsitės, barškintis
barškinčiausi, barškintis
barškintumeisi, barškintis
barškintųsi, barškintis
barškintu(mė)mės, barškintis
barškintu(mė)tės, barškintis
barstytis, barstytis
barstausi, barstytis
barstaisi, barstytis
barstosi, barstytis
barstomės, barstytis
barstotės, barstytis
barstyks, barstytis
barstykitės, barstytis
barstykimės, barstytis
barsteisi, barstytis
barstėsi, barstytis
barstėmės, barstytis
barstėtės, barstytis
barstydavausi, barstytis
barstydavaisi, barstytis
barstydavosi, barstytis
barstydavomės, barstytis
barstydavotės, barstytis
barstysiusi, barstytis
barstysisi, barstytis
barstysis, barstytis
barstysimės, barstytis
barstysitės, barstytis
barstyčiausi, barstytis
barstytumeisi, barstytis
barstytųsi, barstytis
barstytu(mė)mės, barstytis
barstytu(mė)tės, barstytis
bartis, bartis
baruosi, bartis
bariesi, bartis
barasi, bartis
baramės, bartis
baratės, bartis
barks, bartis
barkitės, bartis
barkimės, bartis
bariausi, bartis
bareisi, bartis
barėsi, bartis
barėmės, bartis
barėtės, bartis
bardavausi, bartis
bardavaisi, bartis
bardavosi, bartis
bardavomės, bartis
bardavotės, bartis
barsiusi, bartis
barsisi, bartis
barsis, bartis
barsimės, bartis
barsitės, bartis
barčiausi, bartis
bartumeisi, bartis
bartųsi, bartis
bartu(mė)mės, bartis
bartu(mė)tės, bartis
baugintis, baugintis
bauginuosi, baugintis
bauginiesi, baugintis
bauginasi, baugintis
bauginamės, baugintis
bauginatės, baugintis
bauginks, baugintis
bauginkitės, baugintis
bauginkimės, baugintis
bauginausi, baugintis
bauginaisi, baugintis
bauginosi, baugintis
bauginomės, baugintis
bauginotės, baugintis
baugindavausi, baugintis
baugindavaisi, baugintis
baugindavosi, baugintis
baugindavomės, baugintis
baugindavotės, baugintis
bauginsiusi, baugintis
bauginsisi, baugintis
bauginsis, baugintis
bauginsimės, baugintis
bauginsitės, baugintis
bauginčiausi, baugintis
baugintumeisi, baugintis
baugintųsi, baugintis
baugintu(mė)mės, baugintis
baugintu(mė)tės, baugintis
baustis, baustis
baudžiuosi, baustis
baudžiesi, baustis
baudžiasi, baustis
baudžiamės, baustis
baudžiatės, baustis
bausks, baustis
bauskitės, baustis
bauskimės, baustis
baudeisi, baustis
baudėsi, baustis
baudėmės, baustis
baudėtės, baustis
bausdavausi, baustis
bausdavaisi, baustis
bausdavosi, baustis
bausdavomės, baustis
bausdavotės, baustis
bausiusi, baustis
bausisi, baustis
bausis, baustis
bausimės, baustis
bausitės, baustis
bausčiausi, baustis
baustumeisi, baustis
baustųsi, baustis
baustu(mė)mės, baustis
baustu(mė)tės, baustis
bėginėtis, bėginėtis
bėginėjuosi, bėginėtis
bėginėjiesi, bėginėtis
bėginėjasi, bėginėtis
bėginėjamės, bėginėtis
bėginėjatės, bėginėtis
bėginėks, bėginėtis
bėginėkitės, bėginėtis
bėginėkimės, bėginėtis
bėginėjausi, bėginėtis
bėginėjaisi, bėginėtis
bėginėjosi, bėginėtis
bėginėjomės, bėginėtis
bėginėjotės, bėginėtis
bėginėdavausi, bėginėtis
bėginėdavaisi, bėginėtis
bėginėdavosi, bėginėtis
bėginėdavomės, bėginėtis
bėginėdavotės, bėginėtis
bėginėsiusi, bėginėtis
bėginėsisi, bėginėtis
bėginėsis, bėginėtis
bėginėsimės, bėginėtis
bėginėsitės, bėginėtis
bėginėčiausi, bėginėtis
bėginėtumeisi, bėginėtis
bėginėtųsi, bėginėtis
bėginėtu(mė)mės, bėginėtis
bėginėtu(mė)tės, bėginėtis
bėgiotis, bėgiotis
bėgiojuosi, bėgiotis
bėgiojiesi, bėgiotis
bėgiojasi, bėgiotis
bėgiojamės, bėgiotis
bėgiojatės, bėgiotis
bėgioks, bėgiotis
bėgiokitės, bėgiotis
bėgiokimės, bėgiotis
bėgiojausi, bėgiotis
bėgiojaisi, bėgiotis
bėgiojosi, bėgiotis
bėgiojomės, bėgiotis
bėgiojotės, bėgiotis
bėgiodavausi, bėgiotis
bėgiodavaisi, bėgiotis
bėgiodavosi, bėgiotis
bėgiodavomės, bėgiotis
bėgiodavotės, bėgiotis
bėgiosiusi, bėgiotis
bėgiosisi, bėgiotis
bėgiosis, bėgiotis
bėgiosimės, bėgiotis
bėgiositės, bėgiotis
bėgiočiausi, bėgiotis
bėgiotumeisi, bėgiotis
bėgiotųsi, bėgiotis
bėgiotu(mė)mės, bėgiotis
bėgiotu(mė)tės, bėgiotis
bėgtis, bėgtis
bėguosi, bėgtis
bėgiesi, bėgtis
bėgasi, bėgtis
bėgamės, bėgtis
bėgatės, bėgtis
bėks, bėgtis
bėkitės, bėgtis
bėkimės, bėgtis
bėgausi, bėgtis
bėgaisi, bėgtis
bėgosi, bėgtis
bėgomės, bėgtis
bėgotės, bėgtis
bėgdavausi, bėgtis
bėgdavaisi, bėgtis
bėgdavosi, bėgtis
bėgdavomės, bėgtis
bėgdavotės, bėgtis
bėgsiusi, bėgtis
bėgsisi, bėgtis
bėgsis, bėgtis
bėgsimės, bėgtis
bėgsitės, bėgtis
bėgčiausi, bėgtis
bėgtumeisi, bėgtis
bėgtųsi, bėgtis
bėgtu(mė)mės, bėgtis
bėgtu(mė)tės, bėgtis
bidzentis, bidzentis
bidzenuosi, bidzentis
bidzeniesi, bidzentis
bidzenasi, bidzentis
bidzenamės, bidzentis
bidzenatės, bidzentis
bidzenks, bidzentis
bidzenkitės, bidzentis
bidzenkimės, bidzentis
bidzenausi, bidzentis
bidzenaisi, bidzentis
bidzenosi, bidzentis
bidzenomės, bidzentis
bidzenotės, bidzentis
bidzendavausi, bidzentis
bidzendavaisi, bidzentis
bidzendavosi, bidzentis
bidzendavomės, bidzentis
bidzendavotės, bidzentis
bidzensiusi, bidzentis
bidzensisi, bidzentis
bidzensis, bidzentis
bidzensimės, bidzentis
bidzensitės, bidzentis
bidzenčiausi, bidzentis
bidzentumeisi, bidzentis
bidzentųsi, bidzentis
bidzentu(mė)mės, bidzentis
bidzentu(mė)tės, bidzentis
bijotis, bijotis
bijausi, bijotis
bijaisi, bijotis
bijosi, bijotis
bijomės, bijotis
bijotės, bijotis
bijoks, bijotis
bijokitės, bijotis
bijokimės, bijotis
bijojausi, bijotis
bijojaisi, bijotis
bijojosi, bijotis
bijojomės, bijotis
bijojotės, bijotis
bijodavausi, bijotis
bijodavaisi, bijotis
bijodavosi, bijotis
bijodavomės, bijotis
bijodavotės, bijotis
bijosiusi, bijotis
bijosisi, bijotis
bijosis, bijotis
bijosimės, bijotis
bijositės, bijotis
bijočiausi, bijotis
bijotumeisi, bijotis
bijotųsi, bijotis
bijotu(mė)mės, bijotis
bijotu(mė)tės, bijotis
birbtis, birbtis
birbiuosi, birbtis
birbiesi, birbtis
birbiasi, birbtis
birbiamės, birbtis
birbiatės, birbtis
birbks, birbtis
birbkitės, birbtis
birbkimės, birbtis
birbiausi, birbtis
birbeisi, birbtis
birbėsi, birbtis
birbėmės, birbtis
birbėtės, birbtis
birbdavausi, birbtis
birbdavaisi, birbtis
birbdavosi, birbtis
birbdavomės, birbtis
birbdavotės, birbtis
birbsiusi, birbtis
birbsisi, birbtis
birbsis, birbtis
birbsimės, birbtis
birbsitės, birbtis
birbčiausi, birbtis
birbtumeisi, birbtis
birbtųsi, birbtis
birbtu(mė)mės, birbtis
birbtu(mė)tės, birbtis
birtis, birtis
byruosi, birtis
byriesi, birtis
byrasi, birtis
byramės, birtis
byratės, birtis
birks, birtis
birkitės, birtis
birkimės, birtis
birausi, birtis
biraisi, birtis
birosi, birtis
biromės, birtis
birotės, birtis
birdavausi, birtis
birdavaisi, birtis
birdavosi, birtis
birdavomės, birtis
birdavotės, birtis
birsiusi, birtis
birsisi, birtis
birsis, birtis
birsimės, birtis
birsitės, birtis
birčiausi, birtis
birtumeisi, birtis
birtųsi, birtis
birtu(mė)mės, birtis
birtu(mė)tės, birtis
bjurtis, bjurtis
bjurstuosi, bjurtis
bjurstiesi, bjurtis
bjurstasi, bjurtis
bjurstamės, bjurtis
bjurstatės, bjurtis
bjurks, bjurtis
bjurkitės, bjurtis
bjurkimės, bjurtis
bjurausi, bjurtis
bjuraisi, bjurtis
bjurosi, bjurtis
bjuromės, bjurtis
bjurotės, bjurtis
bjurdavausi, bjurtis
bjurdavaisi, bjurtis
bjurdavosi, bjurtis
bjurdavomės, bjurtis
bjurdavotės, bjurtis
bjursiusi, bjurtis
bjursisi, bjurtis
bjursis, bjurtis
bjursimės, bjurtis
bjursitės, bjurtis
bjurčiausi, bjurtis
bjurtumeisi, bjurtis
bjurtųsi, bjurtis
bjurtu(mė)mės, bjurtis
bjurtu(mė)tės, bjurtis
blanktis, blanktis
blankstuosi, blanktis
blankstiesi, blanktis
blankstasi, blanktis
blankstamės, blanktis
blankstatės, blanktis
blanks, blanktis
blankitės, blanktis
blankimės, blanktis
blankausi, blanktis
blankaisi, blanktis
blankosi, blanktis
blankomės, blanktis
blankotės, blanktis
blankdavausi, blanktis
blankdavaisi, blanktis
blankdavosi, blanktis
blankdavomės, blanktis
blankdavotės, blanktis
blanksiusi, blanktis
blanksisi, blanktis
blanksis, blanktis
blanksimės, blanktis
blanksitės, blanktis
blankčiausi, blanktis
blanktumeisi, blanktis
blanktųsi, blanktis
blanktu(mė)mės, blanktis
blanktu(mė)tės, blanktis
blaškytis, blaškytis
blaškausi, blaškytis
blaškaisi, blaškytis
blaškosi, blaškytis
blaškomės, blaškytis
blaškotės, blaškytis
blaškyks, blaškytis
blaškykitės, blaškytis
blaškykimės, blaškytis
blaškiausi, blaškytis
blaškeisi, blaškytis
blaškėsi, blaškytis
blaškėmės, blaškytis
blaškėtės, blaškytis
blaškydavausi, blaškytis
blaškydavaisi, blaškytis
blaškydavosi, blaškytis
blaškydavomės, blaškytis
blaškydavotės, blaškytis
blaškysiusi, blaškytis
blaškysisi, blaškytis
blaškysis, blaškytis
blaškysimės, blaškytis
blaškysitės, blaškytis
blaškyčiausi, blaškytis
blaškytumeisi, blaškytis
blaškytųsi, blaškytis
blaškytu(mė)mės, blaškytis
blaškytu(mė)tės, blaškytis
blefuotis, blefuotis
blefuojuosi, blefuotis
blefuojiesi, blefuotis
blefuojasi, blefuotis
blefuojamės, blefuotis
blefuojatės, blefuotis
blefuoks, blefuotis
blefuokitės, blefuotis
blefuokimės, blefuotis
blefavausi, blefuotis
blefavaisi, blefuotis
blefavosi, blefuotis
blefavomės, blefuotis
blefavotės, blefuotis
blefuodavausi, blefuotis
blefuodavaisi, blefuotis
blefuodavosi, blefuotis
blefuodavomės, blefuotis
blefuodavotės, blefuotis
blefuosiusi, blefuotis
blefuosisi, blefuotis
blefuosis, blefuotis
blefuosimės, blefuotis
blefuositės, blefuotis
blefuočiausi, blefuotis
blefuotumeisi, blefuotis
blefuotųsi, blefuotis
blefuotu(mė)mės, blefuotis
blefuotu(mė)tės, blefuotis
blęstis, blęstis
blendžiuosi, blęstis
blendžiesi, blęstis
blendžiasi, blęstis
blendžiamės, blęstis
blendžiatės, blęstis
blęsks, blęstis
blęskitės, blęstis
blęskimės, blęstis
blendeisi, blęstis
blendėsi, blęstis
blendėmės, blęstis
blendėtės, blęstis
blęsdavausi, blęstis
blęsdavaisi, blęstis
blęsdavosi, blęstis
blęsdavomės, blęstis
blęsdavotės, blęstis
blęsiusi, blęstis
blęsisi, blęstis
blęsis, blęstis
blęsimės, blęstis
blęsitės, blęstis
blęsčiausi, blęstis
blęstumeisi, blęstis
blęstųsi, blęstis
blęstu(mė)mės, blęstis
blęstu(mė)tės, blęstis
blizgėtis, blizgėtis
blizguosi, blizgėtis
blizgiesi, blizgėtis
blizgasi, blizgėtis
blizgamės, blizgėtis
blizgatės, blizgėtis
blizgėks, blizgėtis
blizgėkitės, blizgėtis
blizgėkimės, blizgėtis
blizgėjausi, blizgėtis
blizgėjaisi, blizgėtis
blizgėjosi, blizgėtis
blizgėjomės, blizgėtis
blizgėjotės, blizgėtis
blizgėdavausi, blizgėtis
blizgėdavaisi, blizgėtis
blizgėdavosi, blizgėtis
blizgėdavomės, blizgėtis
blizgėdavotės, blizgėtis
blizgėsiusi, blizgėtis
blizgėsisi, blizgėtis
blizgėsis, blizgėtis
blizgėsimės, blizgėtis
blizgėsitės, blizgėtis
blizgėčiausi, blizgėtis
blizgėtumeisi, blizgėtis
blizgėtųsi, blizgėtis
blizgėtu(mė)mės, blizgėtis
blizgėtu(mė)tės, blizgėtis
blizgintis, blizgintis
blizginuosi, blizgintis
blizginiesi, blizgintis
blizginasi, blizgintis
blizginamės, blizgintis
blizginatės, blizgintis
blizginks, blizgintis
blizginkitės, blizgintis
blizginkimės, blizgintis
blizginausi, blizgintis
blizginaisi, blizgintis
blizginosi, blizgintis
blizginomės, blizgintis
blizginotės, blizgintis
blizgindavausi, blizgintis
blizgindavaisi, blizgintis
blizgindavosi, blizgintis
blizgindavomės, blizgintis
blizgindavotės, blizgintis
blizginsiusi, blizgintis
blizginsisi, blizgintis
blizginsis, blizgintis
blizginsimės, blizgintis
blizginsitės, blizgintis
blizginčiausi, blizgintis
blizgintumeisi, blizgintis
blizgintųsi, blizgintis
blizgintu(mė)mės, blizgintis
blizgintu(mė)tės, blizgintis
blogėtis, blogėtis
blogėjuosi, blogėtis
blogėjiesi, blogėtis
blogėjasi, blogėtis
blogėjamės, blogėtis
blogėjatės, blogėtis
blogėks, blogėtis
blogėkitės, blogėtis
blogėkimės, blogėtis
blogėjausi, blogėtis
blogėjaisi, blogėtis
blogėjosi, blogėtis
blogėjomės, blogėtis
blogėjotės, blogėtis
blogėdavausi, blogėtis
blogėdavaisi, blogėtis
blogėdavosi, blogėtis
blogėdavomės, blogėtis
blogėdavotės, blogėtis
blogėsiusi, blogėtis
blogėsisi, blogėtis
blogėsis, blogėtis
blogėsimės, blogėtis
blogėsitės, blogėtis
blogėčiausi, blogėtis
blogėtumeisi, blogėtis
blogėtųsi, blogėtis
blogėtu(mė)mės, blogėtis
blogėtu(mė)tės, blogėtis
blogintis, blogintis
bloginuosi, blogintis
bloginiesi, blogintis
bloginasi, blogintis
bloginamės, blogintis
bloginatės, blogintis
bloginks, blogintis
bloginkitės, blogintis
bloginkimės, blogintis
bloginausi, blogintis
bloginaisi, blogintis
bloginosi, blogintis
bloginomės, blogintis
bloginotės, blogintis
blogindavausi, blogintis
blogindavaisi, blogintis
blogindavosi, blogintis
blogindavomės, blogintis
blogindavotės, blogintis
bloginsiusi, blogintis
bloginsisi, blogintis
bloginsis, blogintis
bloginsimės, blogintis
bloginsitės, blogintis
bloginčiausi, blogintis
blogintumeisi, blogintis
blogintųsi, blogintis
blogintu(mė)mės, blogintis
blogintu(mė)tės, blogintis
blogtis, blogtis
blogstuosi, blogtis
blogstiesi, blogtis
blogstasi, blogtis
blogstamės, blogtis
blogstatės, blogtis
bloks, blogtis
blokitės, blogtis
blokimės, blogtis
blogausi, blogtis
blogaisi, blogtis
blogosi, blogtis
blogomės, blogtis
blogotės, blogtis
blogdavausi, blogtis
blogdavaisi, blogtis
blogdavosi, blogtis
blogdavomės, blogtis
blogdavotės, blogtis
blogsiusi, blogtis
blogsisi, blogtis
blogsis, blogtis
blogsimės, blogtis
blogsitės, blogtis
blogčiausi, blogtis
blogtumeisi, blogtis
blogtųsi, blogtis
blogtu(mė)mės, blogtis
blogtu(mė)tės, blogtis
blokštis, blokštis
bloškiuosi, blokštis
bloškiesi, blokštis
bloškiasi, blokštis
bloškiamės, blokštis
bloškiatės, blokštis
blokšks, blokštis
blokškitės, blokštis
blokškimės, blokštis
bloškiausi, blokštis
bloškeisi, blokštis
bloškėsi, blokštis
bloškėmės, blokštis
bloškėtės, blokštis
blokšdavausi, blokštis
blokšdavaisi, blokštis
blokšdavosi, blokštis
blokšdavomės, blokštis
blokšdavotės, blokštis
blokššiusi, blokštis
blokššisi, blokštis
blokššis, blokštis
blokššimės, blokštis
blokššitės, blokštis
blokščiausi, blokštis
blokštumeisi, blokštis
blokštųsi, blokštis
blokštu(mė)mės, blokštis
blokštu(mė)tės, blokštis
blokuotis, blokuotis
blokuojuosi, blokuotis
blokuojiesi, blokuotis
blokuojasi, blokuotis
blokuojamės, blokuotis
blokuojatės, blokuotis
blokuoks, blokuotis
blokuokitės, blokuotis
blokuokimės, blokuotis
blokavausi, blokuotis
blokavaisi, blokuotis
blokavosi, blokuotis
blokavomės, blokuotis
blokavotės, blokuotis
blokuodavausi, blokuotis
blokuodavaisi, blokuotis
blokuodavosi, blokuotis
blokuodavomės, blokuotis
blokuodavotės, blokuotis
blokuosiusi, blokuotis
blokuosisi, blokuotis
blokuosis, blokuotis
blokuosimės, blokuotis
blokuositės, blokuotis
blokuočiausi, blokuotis
blokuotumeisi, blokuotis
blokuotųsi, blokuotis
blokuotu(mė)mės, blokuotis
blokuotu(mė)tės, blokuotis
blukintis, blukintis
blukinuosi, blukintis
blukiniesi, blukintis
blukinasi, blukintis
blukinamės, blukintis
blukinatės, blukintis
blukinks, blukintis
blukinkitės, blukintis
blukinkimės, blukintis
blukinausi, blukintis
blukinaisi, blukintis
blukinosi, blukintis
blukinomės, blukintis
blukinotės, blukintis
blukindavausi, blukintis
blukindavaisi, blukintis
blukindavosi, blukintis
blukindavomės, blukintis
blukindavotės, blukintis
blukinsiusi, blukintis
blukinsisi, blukintis
blukinsis, blukintis
blukinsimės, blukintis
blukinsitės, blukintis
blukinčiausi, blukintis
blukintumeisi, blukintis
blukintųsi, blukintis
blukintu(mė)mės, blukintis
blukintu(mė)tės, blukintis
bluktis, bluktis
blunkuosi, bluktis
blunkiesi, bluktis
blunkasi, bluktis
blunkamės, bluktis
blunkatės, bluktis
bluks, bluktis
blukitės, bluktis
blukimės, bluktis
blukausi, bluktis
blukaisi, bluktis
blukosi, bluktis
blukomės, bluktis
blukotės, bluktis
blukdavausi, bluktis
blukdavaisi, bluktis
blukdavosi, bluktis
blukdavomės, bluktis
blukdavotės, bluktis
bluksiusi, bluktis
bluksisi, bluktis
bluksis, bluktis
bluksimės, bluktis
bluksitės, bluktis
blukčiausi, bluktis
bluktumeisi, bluktis
bluktųsi, bluktis
bluktu(mė)mės, bluktis
bluktu(mė)tės, bluktis
blykštis, blykštis
blykštuosi, blykštis
blykštiesi, blykštis
blykštasi, blykštis
blykštamės, blykštis
blykštatės, blykštis
blykšks, blykštis
blykškitės, blykštis
blykškimės, blykštis
blyškausi, blykštis
blyškaisi, blykštis
blyškosi, blykštis
blyškomės, blykštis
blyškotės, blykštis
blykšdavausi, blykštis
blykšdavaisi, blykštis
blykšdavosi, blykštis
blykšdavomės, blykštis
blykšdavotės, blykštis
blykššiusi, blykštis
blykššisi, blykštis
blykššis, blykštis
blykššimės, blykštis
blykššitės, blykštis
blykščiausi, blykštis
blykštumeisi, blykštis
blykštųsi, blykštis
blykštu(mė)mės, blykštis
blykštu(mė)tės, blykštis
bodėtis, bodėtis
bodžiusi, bodėtis
bodisi, bodėtis
bodisi, bodėtis
bodimės, bodėtis
boditės, bodėtis
bodėks, bodėtis
bodėkitės, bodėtis
bodėkimės, bodėtis
bodėjausi, bodėtis
bodėjaisi, bodėtis
bodėjosi, bodėtis
bodėjomės, bodėtis
bodėjotės, bodėtis
bodėdavausi, bodėtis
bodėdavaisi, bodėtis
bodėdavosi, bodėtis
bodėdavomės, bodėtis
bodėdavotės, bodėtis
bodėsiusi, bodėtis
bodėsisi, bodėtis
bodėsis, bodėtis
bodėsimės, bodėtis
bodėsitės, bodėtis
bodėčiausi, bodėtis
bodėtumeisi, bodėtis
bodėtųsi, bodėtis
bodėtu(mė)mės, bodėtis
bodėtu(mė)tės, bodėtis
boluotis, boluotis
boluojuosi, boluotis
boluojiesi, boluotis
boluojasi, boluotis
boluojamės, boluotis
boluojatės, boluotis
boluoks, boluotis
boluokitės, boluotis
boluokimės, boluotis
bolavausi, boluotis
bolavaisi, boluotis
bolavosi, boluotis
bolavomės, boluotis
bolavotės, boluotis
boluodavausi, boluotis
boluodavaisi, boluotis
boluodavosi, boluotis
boluodavomės, boluotis
boluodavotės, boluotis
boluosiusi, boluotis
boluosisi, boluotis
boluosis, boluotis
boluosimės, boluotis
boluositės, boluotis
boluočiausi, boluotis
boluotumeisi, boluotis
boluotųsi, boluotis
boluotu(mė)mės, boluotis
boluotu(mė)tės, boluotis
bombarduotis, bombarduotis
bombarduojuosi, bombarduotis
bombarduojiesi, bombarduotis
bombarduojasi, bombarduotis
bombarduojamės, bombarduotis
bombarduojatės, bombarduotis
bombarduoks, bombarduotis
bombarduokitės, bombarduotis
bombarduokimės, bombarduotis
bombardavausi, bombarduotis
bombardavaisi, bombarduotis
bombardavosi, bombarduotis
bombardavomės, bombarduotis
bombardavotės, bombarduotis
bombarduodavausi, bombarduotis
bombarduodavaisi, bombarduotis
bombarduodavosi, bombarduotis
bombarduodavomės, bombarduotis
bombarduodavotės, bombarduotis
bombarduosiusi, bombarduotis
bombarduosisi, bombarduotis
bombarduosis, bombarduotis
bombarduosimės, bombarduotis
bombarduositės, bombarduotis
bombarduočiausi, bombarduotis
bombarduotumeisi, bombarduotis
bombarduotųsi, bombarduotis
bombarduotu(mė)mės, bombarduotis
bombarduotu(mė)tės, bombarduotis
braidytis, braidytis
braidžausi, braidytis
braidaisi, braidytis
braidosi, braidytis
braidomės, braidytis
braidotės, braidytis
braidyks, braidytis
braidykitės, braidytis
braidykimės, braidytis
braideisi, braidytis
braidėsi, braidytis
braidėmės, braidytis
braidėtės, braidytis
braidydavausi, braidytis
braidydavaisi, braidytis
braidydavosi, braidytis
braidydavomės, braidytis
braidydavotės, braidytis
braidysiusi, braidytis
braidysisi, braidytis
braidysis, braidytis
braidysimės, braidytis
braidysitės, braidytis
braidyčiausi, braidytis
braidytumeisi, braidytis
braidytųsi, braidytis
braidytu(mė)mės, braidytis
braidytu(mė)tės, braidytis
braižytis, braižytis
braižausi, braižytis
braižaisi, braižytis
braižosi, braižytis
braižomės, braižytis
braižotės, braižytis
braižyks, braižytis
braižykitės, braižytis
braižykimės, braižytis
braižiausi, braižytis
braižeisi, braižytis
braižėsi, braižytis
braižėmės, braižytis
braižėtės, braižytis
braižydavausi, braižytis
braižydavaisi, braižytis
braižydavosi, braižytis
braižydavomės, braižytis
braižydavotės, braižytis
braižysiusi, braižytis
braižysisi, braižytis
braižysis, braižytis
braižysimės, braižytis
braižysitės, braižytis
braižyčiausi, braižytis
braižytumeisi, braižytis
braižytųsi, braižytis
braižytu(mė)mės, braižytis
braižytu(mė)tės, braižytis
brandintis, brandintis
brandinuosi, brandintis
brandiniesi, brandintis
brandinasi, brandintis
brandinamės, brandintis
brandinatės, brandintis
brandinks, brandintis
brandinkitės, brandintis
brandinkimės, brandintis
brandinausi, brandintis
brandinaisi, brandintis
brandinosi, brandintis
brandinomės, brandintis
brandinotės, brandintis
brandindavausi, brandintis
brandindavaisi, brandintis
brandindavosi, brandintis
brandindavomės, brandintis
brandindavotės, brandintis
brandinsiusi, brandintis
brandinsisi, brandintis
brandinsis, brandintis
brandinsimės, brandintis
brandinsitės, brandintis
brandinčiausi, brandintis
brandintumeisi, brandintis
brandintųsi, brandintis
brandintu(mė)mės, brandintis
brandintu(mė)tės, brandintis
brangintis, brangintis
branginuosi, brangintis
branginiesi, brangintis
branginasi, brangintis
branginamės, brangintis
branginatės, brangintis
branginks, brangintis
branginkitės, brangintis
branginkimės, brangintis
branginausi, brangintis
branginaisi, brangintis
branginosi, brangintis
branginomės, brangintis
branginotės, brangintis
brangindavausi, brangintis
brangindavaisi, brangintis
brangindavosi, brangintis
brangindavomės, brangintis
brangindavotės, brangintis
branginsiusi, brangintis
branginsisi, brangintis
branginsis, brangintis
branginsimės, brangintis
branginsitės, brangintis
branginčiausi, brangintis
brangintumeisi, brangintis
brangintųsi, brangintis
brangintu(mė)mės, brangintis
brangintu(mė)tės, brangintis
brangtis, brangtis
brangstuosi, brangtis
brangstiesi, brangtis
brangstasi, brangtis
brangstamės, brangtis
brangstatės, brangtis
branks, brangtis
brankitės, brangtis
brankimės, brangtis
brangausi, brangtis
brangaisi, brangtis
brangosi, brangtis
brangomės, brangtis
brangotės, brangtis
brangdavausi, brangtis
brangdavaisi, brangtis
brangdavosi, brangtis
brangdavomės, brangtis
brangdavotės, brangtis
brangsiusi, brangtis
brangsisi, brangtis
brangsis, brangtis
brangsimės, brangtis
brangsitės, brangtis
brangčiausi, brangtis
brangtumeisi, brangtis
brangtųsi, brangtis
brangtu(mė)mės, brangtis
brangtu(mė)tės, brangtis
brauktis, brauktis
braukiuosi, brauktis
braukiesi, brauktis
braukiasi, brauktis
braukiamės, brauktis
braukiatės, brauktis
brauks, brauktis
braukitės, brauktis
braukimės, brauktis
braukiausi, brauktis
braukeisi, brauktis
braukėsi, brauktis
braukėmės, brauktis
braukėtės, brauktis
braukdavausi, brauktis
braukdavaisi, brauktis
braukdavosi, brauktis
braukdavomės, brauktis
braukdavotės, brauktis
brauksiusi, brauktis
brauksisi, brauktis
brauksis, brauktis
brauksimės, brauktis
brauksitės, brauktis
braukčiausi, brauktis
brauktumeisi, brauktis
brauktųsi, brauktis
brauktu(mė)mės, brauktis
brauktu(mė)tės, brauktis
braukytis, braukytis
braukausi, braukytis
braukaisi, braukytis
braukosi, braukytis
braukomės, braukytis
braukotės, braukytis
braukyks, braukytis
braukykitės, braukytis
braukykimės, braukytis
braukiausi, braukytis
braukeisi, braukytis
braukėsi, braukytis
braukėmės, braukytis
braukėtės, braukytis
braukydavausi, braukytis
braukydavaisi, braukytis
braukydavosi, braukytis
braukydavomės, braukytis
braukydavotės, braukytis
braukysiusi, braukytis
braukysisi, braukytis
braukysis, braukytis
braukysimės, braukytis
braukysitės, braukytis
braukyčiausi, braukytis
braukytumeisi, braukytis
braukytųsi, braukytis
braukytu(mė)mės, braukytis
braukytu(mė)tės, braukytis
brazdėtis, brazdėtis
brazdžuosi, brazdėtis
brazdiesi, brazdėtis
brazdasi, brazdėtis
brazdamės, brazdėtis
brazdatės, brazdėtis
brazdėks, brazdėtis
brazdėkitės, brazdėtis
brazdėkimės, brazdėtis
brazdėjausi, brazdėtis
brazdėjaisi, brazdėtis
brazdėjosi, brazdėtis
brazdėjomės, brazdėtis
brazdėjotės, brazdėtis
brazdėdavausi, brazdėtis
brazdėdavaisi, brazdėtis
brazdėdavosi, brazdėtis
brazdėdavomės, brazdėtis
brazdėdavotės, brazdėtis
brazdėsiusi, brazdėtis
brazdėsisi, brazdėtis
brazdėsis, brazdėtis
brazdėsimės, brazdėtis
brazdėsitės, brazdėtis
brazdėčiausi, brazdėtis
brazdėtumeisi, brazdėtis
brazdėtųsi, brazdėtis
brazdėtu(mė)mės, brazdėtis
brazdėtu(mė)tės, brazdėtis
bręstis, bręstis
brestuosi, bręstis
brestiesi, bręstis
brestasi, bręstis
brestamės, bręstis
brestatės, bręstis
bręsks, bręstis
bręskitės, bręstis
bręskimės, bręstis
brendausi, bręstis
brendaisi, bręstis
brendosi, bręstis
brendomės, bręstis
brendotės, bręstis
bręsdavausi, bręstis
bręsdavaisi, bręstis
bręsdavosi, bręstis
bręsdavomės, bręstis
bręsdavotės, bręstis
bręsiusi, bręstis
bręsisi, bręstis
bręsis, bręstis
bręsimės, bręstis
bręsitės, bręstis
bręsčiausi, bręstis
bręstumeisi, bręstis
bręstųsi, bręstis
bręstu(mė)mės, bręstis
bręstu(mė)tės, bręstis
brėžtis, brėžtis
brėžiuosi, brėžtis
brėžiesi, brėžtis
brėžiasi, brėžtis
brėžiamės, brėžtis
brėžiatės, brėžtis
brėžks, brėžtis
brėžkitės, brėžtis
brėžkimės, brėžtis
brėžiausi, brėžtis
brėžeisi, brėžtis
brėžėsi, brėžtis
brėžėmės, brėžtis
brėžėtės, brėžtis
brėždavausi, brėžtis
brėždavaisi, brėžtis
brėždavosi, brėžtis
brėždavomės, brėžtis
brėždavotės, brėžtis
brėžšiusi, brėžtis
brėžšisi, brėžtis
brėžšis, brėžtis
brėžšimės, brėžtis
brėžšitės, brėžtis
brėžčiausi, brėžtis
brėžtumeisi, brėžtis
brėžtųsi, brėžtis
brėžtu(mė)mės, brėžtis
brėžtu(mė)tės, brėžtis
brinktis, brinktis
brinkstuosi, brinktis
brinkstiesi, brinktis
brinkstasi, brinktis
brinkstamės, brinktis
brinkstatės, brinktis
brinks, brinktis
brinkitės, brinktis
brinkimės, brinktis
brinkausi, brinktis
brinkaisi, brinktis
brinkosi, brinktis
brinkomės, brinktis
brinkotės, brinktis
brinkdavausi, brinktis
brinkdavaisi, brinktis
brinkdavosi, brinktis
brinkdavomės, brinktis
brinkdavotės, brinktis
brinksiusi, brinktis
brinksisi, brinktis
brinksis, brinktis
brinksimės, brinktis
brinksitės, brinktis
brinkčiausi, brinktis
brinktumeisi, brinktis
brinktųsi, brinktis
brinktu(mė)mės, brinktis
brinktu(mė)tės, brinktis
bristis, bristis
brendžuosi, bristis
brendiesi, bristis
brendasi, bristis
brendamės, bristis
brendatės, bristis
brisks, bristis
briskitės, bristis
briskimės, bristis
bridausi, bristis
bridaisi, bristis
bridosi, bristis
bridomės, bristis
bridotės, bristis
brisdavausi, bristis
brisdavaisi, bristis
brisdavosi, bristis
brisdavomės, bristis
brisdavotės, bristis
brisiusi, bristis
brisisi, bristis
brisis, bristis
brisimės, bristis
brisitės, bristis
brisčiausi, bristis
bristumeisi, bristis
bristųsi, bristis
bristu(mė)mės, bristis
bristu(mė)tės, bristis
bruktis, bruktis
brunkuosi, bruktis
brunkiesi, bruktis
brunkasi, bruktis
brunkamės, bruktis
brunkatės, bruktis
bruks, bruktis
brukitės, bruktis
brukimės, bruktis
brukausi, bruktis
brukaisi, bruktis
brukosi, bruktis
brukomės, bruktis
brukotės, bruktis
brukdavausi, bruktis
brukdavaisi, bruktis
brukdavosi, bruktis
brukdavomės, bruktis
brukdavotės, bruktis
bruksiusi, bruktis
bruksisi, bruktis
bruksis, bruktis
bruksimės, bruktis
bruksitės, bruktis
brukčiausi, bruktis
bruktumeisi, bruktis
bruktųsi, bruktis
bruktu(mė)mės, bruktis
bruktu(mė)tės, bruktis
brūžintis, brūžintis
brūžinuosi, brūžintis
brūžiniesi, brūžintis
brūžinasi, brūžintis
brūžinamės, brūžintis
brūžinatės, brūžintis
brūžinks, brūžintis
brūžinkitės, brūžintis
brūžinkimės, brūžintis
brūžinausi, brūžintis
brūžinaisi, brūžintis
brūžinosi, brūžintis
brūžinomės, brūžintis
brūžinotės, brūžintis
brūžindavausi, brūžintis
brūžindavaisi, brūžintis
brūžindavosi, brūžintis
brūžindavomės, brūžintis
brūžindavotės, brūžintis
brūžinsiusi, brūžintis
brūžinsisi, brūžintis
brūžinsis, brūžintis
brūžinsimės, brūžintis
brūžinsitės, brūžintis
brūžinčiausi, brūžintis
brūžintumeisi, brūžintis
brūžintųsi, brūžintis
brūžintu(mė)mės, brūžintis
brūžintu(mė)tės, brūžintis
bučiuotis, bučiuotis
bučiuojuosi, bučiuotis
bučiuojiesi, bučiuotis
bučiuojasi, bučiuotis
bučiuojamės, bučiuotis
bučiuojatės, bučiuotis
bučiuoks, bučiuotis
bučiuokitės, bučiuotis
bučiuokimės, bučiuotis
bučiavausi, bučiuotis
bučiavaisi, bučiuotis
bučiavosi, bučiuotis
bučiavomės, bučiuotis
bučiavotės, bučiuotis
bučiuodavausi, bučiuotis
bučiuodavaisi, bučiuotis
bučiuodavosi, bučiuotis
bučiuodavomės, bučiuotis
bučiuodavotės, bučiuotis
bučiuosiusi, bučiuotis
bučiuosisi, bučiuotis
bučiuosis, bučiuotis
bučiuosimės, bučiuotis
bučiuositės, bučiuotis
bučiuočiausi, bučiuotis
bučiuotumeisi, bučiuotis
bučiuotųsi, bučiuotis
bučiuotu(mė)mės, bučiuotis
bučiuotu(mė)tės, bučiuotis
budėtis, budėtis
budžiusi, budėtis
budisi, budėtis
budisi, budėtis
budimės, budėtis
buditės, budėtis
budėks, budėtis
budėkitės, budėtis
budėkimės, budėtis
budėjausi, budėtis
budėjaisi, budėtis
budėjosi, budėtis
budėjomės, budėtis
budėjotės, budėtis
budėdavausi, budėtis
budėdavaisi, budėtis
budėdavosi, budėtis
budėdavomės, budėtis
budėdavotės, budėtis
budėsiusi, budėtis
budėsisi, budėtis
budėsis, budėtis
budėsimės, budėtis
budėsitės, budėtis
budėčiausi, budėtis
budėtumeisi, budėtis
budėtųsi, budėtis
budėtu(mė)mės, budėtis
budėtu(mė)tės, budėtis
budintis, budintis
budinuosi, budintis
budiniesi, budintis
budinasi, budintis
budinamės, budintis
budinatės, budintis
budinks, budintis
budinkitės, budintis
budinkimės, budintis
budinausi, budintis
budinaisi, budintis
budinosi, budintis
budinomės, budintis
budinotės, budintis
budindavausi, budintis
budindavaisi, budintis
budindavosi, budintis
budindavomės, budintis
budindavotės, budintis
budinsiusi, budintis
budinsisi, budintis
budinsis, budintis
budinsimės, budintis
budinsitės, budintis
budinčiausi, budintis
budintumeisi, budintis
budintųsi, budintis
budintu(mė)mės, budintis
budintu(mė)tės, budintis
būgštautis, būgštautis
būgštaujuosi, būgštautis
būgštaujiesi, būgštautis
būgštaujasi, būgštautis
būgštaujamės, būgštautis
būgštaujatės, būgštautis
būgštauks, būgštautis
būgštaukitės, būgštautis
būgštaukimės, būgštautis
būgštavausi, būgštautis
būgštavaisi, būgštautis
būgštavosi, būgštautis
būgštavomės, būgštautis
būgštavotės, būgštautis
būgštaudavausi, būgštautis
būgštaudavaisi, būgštautis
būgštaudavosi, būgštautis
būgštaudavomės, būgštautis
būgštaudavotės, būgštautis
būgštausiusi, būgštautis
būgštausisi, būgštautis
būgštausis, būgštautis
būgštausimės, būgštautis
būgštausitės, būgštautis
būgštaučiausi, būgštautis
būgštautumeisi, būgštautis
būgštautųsi, būgštautis
būgštautu(mė)mės, būgštautis
būgštautu(mė)tės, būgštautis
bujotis, bujotis
bujojuosi, bujotis
bujojiesi, bujotis
bujojasi, bujotis
bujojamės, bujotis
bujojatės, bujotis
bujoks, bujotis
bujokitės, bujotis
bujokimės, bujotis
bujojausi, bujotis
bujojaisi, bujotis
bujojosi, bujotis
bujojomės, bujotis
bujojotės, bujotis
bujodavausi, bujotis
bujodavaisi, bujotis
bujodavosi, bujotis
bujodavomės, bujotis
bujodavotės, bujotis
bujosiusi, bujotis
bujosisi, bujotis
bujosis, bujotis
bujosimės, bujotis
bujositės, bujotis
bujočiausi, bujotis
bujotumeisi, bujotis
bujotųsi, bujotis
bujotu(mė)mės, bujotis
bujotu(mė)tės, bujotis
burbėtis, burbėtis
burbuosi, burbėtis
burbiesi, burbėtis
burbasi, burbėtis
burbamės, burbėtis
burbatės, burbėtis
burbėks, burbėtis
burbėkitės, burbėtis
burbėkimės, burbėtis
burbėjausi, burbėtis
burbėjaisi, burbėtis
burbėjosi, burbėtis
burbėjomės, burbėtis
burbėjotės, burbėtis
burbėdavausi, burbėtis
burbėdavaisi, burbėtis
burbėdavosi, burbėtis
burbėdavomės, burbėtis
burbėdavotės, burbėtis
burbėsiusi, burbėtis
burbėsisi, burbėtis
burbėsis, burbėtis
burbėsimės, burbėtis
burbėsitės, burbėtis
burbėčiausi, burbėtis
burbėtumeisi, burbėtis
burbėtųsi, burbėtis
burbėtu(mė)mės, burbėtis
burbėtu(mė)tės, burbėtis
burbuliuotis, burbuliuotis
burbuliuojuosi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuojiesi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuojasi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuojamės, burbuliuotis
burbuliuojatės, burbuliuotis
burbuliuoks, burbuliuotis
burbuliuokitės, burbuliuotis
burbuliuokimės, burbuliuotis
burbuliavausi, burbuliuotis
burbuliavaisi, burbuliuotis
burbuliavosi, burbuliuotis
burbuliavomės, burbuliuotis
burbuliavotės, burbuliuotis
burbuliuodavausi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuodavaisi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuodavosi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuodavomės, burbuliuotis
burbuliuodavotės, burbuliuotis
burbuliuosiusi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuosisi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuosis, burbuliuotis
burbuliuosimės, burbuliuotis
burbuliuositės, burbuliuotis
burbuliuočiausi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuotumeisi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuotųsi, burbuliuotis
burbuliuotu(mė)mės, burbuliuotis
burbuliuotu(mė)tės, burbuliuotis
buriuotis, buriuotis
buriuojuosi, buriuotis
buriuojiesi, buriuotis
buriuojasi, buriuotis
buriuojamės, buriuotis
buriuojatės, buriuotis
buriuoks, buriuotis
buriuokitės, buriuotis
buriuokimės, buriuotis
buriavausi, buriuotis
buriavaisi, buriuotis
buriavosi, buriuotis
buriavomės, buriuotis
buriavotės, buriuotis
buriuodavausi, buriuotis
buriuodavaisi, buriuotis
buriuodavosi, buriuotis
buriuodavomės, buriuotis
buriuodavotės, buriuotis
buriuosiusi, buriuotis
buriuosisi, buriuotis
buriuosis, buriuotis
buriuosimės, buriuotis
buriuositės, buriuotis
buriuočiausi, buriuotis
buriuotumeisi, buriuotis
buriuotųsi, buriuotis
buriuotu(mė)mės, buriuotis
buriuotu(mė)tės, buriuotis
būriuotis, būriuotis
buriuojuosi, būriuotis
buriuojiesi, būriuotis
buriuojasi, būriuotis
buriuojamės, būriuotis
buriuojatės, būriuotis
būriuoks, būriuotis
būriuokitės, būriuotis
būriuokimės, būriuotis
buriavausi, būriuotis
buriavaisi, būriuotis
buriavosi, būriuotis
buriavomės, būriuotis
buriavotės, būriuotis
būriuodavausi, būriuotis
būriuodavaisi, būriuotis
būriuodavosi, būriuotis
būriuodavomės, būriuotis
būriuodavotės, būriuotis
būriuosiusi, būriuotis
būriuosisi, būriuotis
buriuosis, būriuotis
būriuosimės, būriuotis
būriuositės, būriuotis
būriuočiausi, būriuotis
būriuotumeisi, būriuotis
būriuotųsi, būriuotis
būriuotu(mė)mės, būriuotis
būriuotu(mė)tės, būriuotis
burtis, burtis
buriuosi, burtis
buriesi, burtis
buriasi, burtis
buriamės, burtis
buriatės, burtis
burks, burtis
burkitės, burtis
burkimės, burtis
būriausi, burtis
būreisi, burtis
būrėsi, burtis
būrėmės, burtis
būrėtės, burtis
burdavausi, burtis
burdavaisi, burtis
burdavosi, burtis
burdavomės, burtis
burdavotės, burtis
bursiusi, burtis
bursisi, burtis
bursis, burtis
bursimės, burtis
bursitės, burtis
burčiausi, burtis
burtumeisi, burtis
burtųsi, burtis
burtu(mė)mės, burtis
burtu(mė)tės, burtis
bustis, bustis
bundžuosi, bustis
bundiesi, bustis
bundasi, bustis
bundamės, bustis
bundatės, bustis
busks, bustis
buskitės, bustis
buskimės, bustis
budausi, bustis
budaisi, bustis
budosi, bustis
budomės, bustis
budotės, bustis
busdavausi, bustis
busdavaisi, bustis
busdavosi, bustis
busdavomės, bustis
busdavotės, bustis
busiusi, bustis
busisi, bustis
busis, bustis
busimės, bustis
busitės, bustis
busčiausi, bustis
bustumeisi, bustis
bustųsi, bustis
bustu(mė)mės, bustis
bustu(mė)tės, bustis
būtis, būtis
yruosi, būtis
yriesi, būtis
yrasi, būtis
yramės, būtis
yratės, būtis
būks, būtis
būkitės, būtis
būkimės, būtis
buvausi, būtis
buvaisi, būtis
buvosi, būtis
buvomės, būtis
buvotės, būtis
būdavausi, būtis
būdavaisi, būtis
būdavosi, būtis
būdavomės, būtis
būdavotės, būtis
būsiusi, būtis
būsisi, būtis
būsis, būtis
būsimės, būtis
būsitės, būtis
būčiausi, būtis
būtumeisi, būtis
būtųsi, būtis
būtu(mė)mės, būtis
būtu(mė)tės, būtis
buvotis, buvotis
buvojuosi, buvotis
buvojiesi, buvotis
buvojasi, buvotis
buvojamės, buvotis
buvojatės, buvotis
buvoks, buvotis
buvokitės, buvotis
buvokimės, buvotis
buvojausi, buvotis
buvojaisi, buvotis
buvojosi, buvotis
buvojomės, buvotis
buvojotės, buvotis
buvodavausi, buvotis
buvodavaisi, buvotis
buvodavosi, buvotis
buvodavomės, buvotis
buvodavotės, buvotis
buvosiusi, buvotis
buvosisi, buvotis
buvosis, buvotis
buvosimės, buvotis
buvositės, buvotis
buvočiausi, buvotis
buvotumeisi, buvotis
buvotųsi, buvotis
buvotu(mė)mės, buvotis
buvotu(mė)tės, buvotis
bylotis, bylotis
bylojuosi, bylotis
bylojiesi, bylotis
bylojasi, bylotis
bylojamės, bylotis
bylojatės, bylotis
byloks, bylotis
bylokitės, bylotis
bylokimės, bylotis
bylojausi, bylotis
bylojaisi, bylotis
bylojosi, bylotis
bylojomės, bylotis
bylojotės, bylotis
bylodavausi, bylotis
bylodavaisi, bylotis
bylodavosi, bylotis
bylodavomės, bylotis
bylodavotės, bylotis
bylosiusi, bylotis
bylosisi, bylotis
bylosis, bylotis
bylosimės, bylotis
bylositės, bylotis
byločiausi, bylotis
bylotumeisi, bylotis
bylotųsi, bylotis
bylotu(mė)mės, bylotis
bylotu(mė)tės, bylotis
byrėtis, byrėtis
byruosi, byrėtis
byriesi, byrėtis
byrasi, byrėtis
byramės, byrėtis
byratės, byrėtis
byrėks, byrėtis
byrėkitės, byrėtis
byrėkimės, byrėtis
byrėjausi, byrėtis
byrėjaisi, byrėtis
byrėjosi, byrėtis
byrėjomės, byrėtis
byrėjotės, byrėtis
byrėdavausi, byrėtis
byrėdavaisi, byrėtis
byrėdavosi, byrėtis
byrėdavomės, byrėtis
byrėdavotės, byrėtis
byrėsiusi, byrėtis
byrėsisi, byrėtis
byrėsis, byrėtis
byrėsimės, byrėtis
byrėsitės, byrėtis
byrėčiausi, byrėtis
byrėtumeisi, byrėtis
byrėtųsi, byrėtis
byrėtu(mė)mės, byrėtis
byrėtu(mė)tės, byrėtis
čežėtis, čežėtis
čežuosi, čežėtis
čežiesi, čežėtis
čežasi, čežėtis
čežamės, čežėtis
čežatės, čežėtis
čežėks, čežėtis
čežėkitės, čežėtis
čežėkimės, čežėtis
čežėjausi, čežėtis
čežėjaisi, čežėtis
čežėjosi, čežėtis
čežėjomės, čežėtis
čežėjotės, čežėtis
čežėdavausi, čežėtis
čežėdavaisi, čežėtis
čežėdavosi, čežėtis
čežėdavomės, čežėtis
čežėdavotės, čežėtis
čežėsiusi, čežėtis
čežėsisi, čežėtis
čežėsis, čežėtis
čežėsimės, čežėtis
čežėsitės, čežėtis
čežėčiausi, čežėtis
čežėtumeisi, čežėtis
čežėtųsi, čežėtis
čežėtu(mė)mės, čežėtis
čežėtu(mė)tės, čežėtis
čežtis, čežtis
čęžtuosi, čežtis
čęžtiesi, čežtis
čęžtasi, čežtis
čęžtamės, čežtis
čęžtatės, čežtis
čežks, čežtis
čežkitės, čežtis
čežkimės, čežtis
čežausi, čežtis
čežaisi, čežtis
čežosi, čežtis
čežomės, čežtis
čežotės, čežtis
čeždavausi, čežtis
čeždavaisi, čežtis
čeždavosi, čežtis
čeždavomės, čežtis
čeždavotės, čežtis
čežšiusi, čežtis
čežšisi, čežtis
čežšis, čežtis
čežšimės, čežtis
čežšitės, čežtis
čežčiausi, čežtis
čežtumeisi, čežtis
čežtųsi, čežtis
čežtu(mė)mės, čežtis
čežtu(mė)tės, čežtis
čiaudėtis, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjuosi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjiesi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjasi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjamės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjatės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėks, čiaudėtis
čiaudėkitės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėkimės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjausi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjaisi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjosi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjomės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėjotės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėdavausi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėdavaisi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėdavosi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėdavomės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėdavotės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėsiusi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėsisi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėsis, čiaudėtis
čiaudėsimės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėsitės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėčiausi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėtumeisi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėtųsi, čiaudėtis
čiaudėtu(mė)mės, čiaudėtis
čiaudėtu(mė)tės, čiaudėtis
čiauškėtis, čiauškėtis
čiauškuosi, čiauškėtis
čiauškiesi, čiauškėtis
čiauškasi, čiauškėtis
čiauškamės, čiauškėtis
čiauškatės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėks, čiauškėtis
čiauškėkitės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėkimės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėjausi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėjaisi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėjosi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėjomės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėjotės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėdavausi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėdavaisi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėdavosi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėdavomės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėdavotės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėsiusi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėsisi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėsis, čiauškėtis
čiauškėsimės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėsitės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėčiausi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėtumeisi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėtųsi, čiauškėtis
čiauškėtu(mė)mės, čiauškėtis
čiauškėtu(mė)tės, čiauškėtis
čiaužtis, čiaužtis
čiaužiuosi, čiaužtis
čiaužiesi, čiaužtis
čiaužiasi, čiaužtis
čiaužiamės, čiaužtis
čiaužiatės, čiaužtis
čiaužks, čiaužtis
čiaužkitės, čiaužtis
čiaužkimės, čiaužtis
čiaužiausi, čiaužtis
čiaužeisi, čiaužtis
čiaužėsi, čiaužtis
čiaužėmės, čiaužtis
čiaužėtės, čiaužtis
čiauždavausi, čiaužtis
čiauždavaisi, čiaužtis
čiauždavosi, čiaužtis
čiauždavomės, čiaužtis
čiauždavotės, čiaužtis
čiaužšiusi, čiaužtis
čiaužšisi, čiaužtis
čiaužšis, čiaužtis
čiaužšimės, čiaužtis
čiaužšitės, čiaužtis
čiaužčiausi, čiaužtis
čiaužtumeisi, čiaužtis
čiaužtųsi, čiaužtis
čiaužtu(mė)mės, čiaužtis
čiaužtu(mė)tės, čiaužtis
čirpėtis, čirpėtis
čirpuosi, čirpėtis
čirpiesi, čirpėtis
čirpasi, čirpėtis
čirpamės, čirpėtis
čirpatės, čirpėtis
čirpėks, čirpėtis
čirpėkitės, čirpėtis
čirpėkimės, čirpėtis
čirpėjausi, čirpėtis
čirpėjaisi, čirpėtis
čirpėjosi, čirpėtis
čirpėjomės, čirpėtis
čirpėjotės, čirpėtis
čirpėdavausi, čirpėtis
čirpėdavaisi, čirpėtis
čirpėdavosi, čirpėtis
čirpėdavomės, čirpėtis
čirpėdavotės, čirpėtis
čirpėsiusi, čirpėtis
čirpėsisi, čirpėtis
čirpėsis, čirpėtis
čirpėsimės, čirpėtis
čirpėsitės, čirpėtis
čirpėčiausi, čirpėtis
čirpėtumeisi, čirpėtis
čirpėtųsi, čirpėtis
čirpėtu(mė)mės, čirpėtis
čirpėtu(mė)tės, čirpėtis
cituotis, cituotis
cituojuosi, cituotis
cituojiesi, cituotis
cituojasi, cituotis
cituojamės, cituotis
cituojatės, cituotis
cituoks, cituotis
cituokitės, cituotis
cituokimės, cituotis
citavausi, cituotis
citavaisi, cituotis
citavosi, cituotis
citavomės, cituotis
citavotės, cituotis
cituodavausi, cituotis
cituodavaisi, cituotis
cituodavosi, cituotis
cituodavomės, cituotis
cituodavotės, cituotis
cituosiusi, cituotis
cituosisi, cituotis
cituosis, cituotis
cituosimės, cituotis
cituositės, cituotis
cituočiausi, cituotis
cituotumeisi, cituotis
cituotųsi, cituotis
cituotu(mė)mės, cituotis
cituotu(mė)tės, cituotis
čiulbėtis, čiulbėtis
čiulbuosi, čiulbėtis
čiulbiesi, čiulbėtis
čiulbasi, čiulbėtis
čiulbamės, čiulbėtis
čiulbatės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėks, čiulbėtis
čiulbėkitės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėkimės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėjausi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėjaisi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėjosi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėjomės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėjotės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėdavausi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėdavaisi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėdavosi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėdavomės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėdavotės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėsiusi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėsisi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėsis, čiulbėtis
čiulbėsimės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėsitės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėčiausi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėtumeisi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėtųsi, čiulbėtis
čiulbėtu(mė)mės, čiulbėtis
čiulbėtu(mė)tės, čiulbėtis
čiulptis, čiulptis
čiulpiuosi, čiulptis
čiulpiesi, čiulptis
čiulpiasi, čiulptis
čiulpiamės, čiulptis
čiulpiatės, čiulptis
čiulpks, čiulptis
čiulpkitės, čiulptis
čiulpkimės, čiulptis
čiulpiausi, čiulptis
čiulpeisi, čiulptis
čiulpėsi, čiulptis
čiulpėmės, čiulptis
čiulpėtės, čiulptis
čiulpdavausi, čiulptis
čiulpdavaisi, čiulptis
čiulpdavosi, čiulptis
čiulpdavomės, čiulptis
čiulpdavotės, čiulptis
čiulpsiusi, čiulptis
čiulpsisi, čiulptis
čiulpsis, čiulptis
čiulpsimės, čiulptis
čiulpsitės, čiulptis
čiulpčiausi, čiulptis
čiulptumeisi, čiulptis
čiulptųsi, čiulptis
čiulptu(mė)mės, čiulptis
čiulptu(mė)tės, čiulptis
čiuožinėtis, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjuosi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjiesi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjasi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjamės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjatės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėks, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėkitės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėkimės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjausi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjaisi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjosi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjomės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėjotės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėdavausi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėdavaisi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėdavosi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėdavomės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėdavotės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėsiusi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėsisi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėsis, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėsimės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėsitės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėčiausi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėtumeisi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėtųsi, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėtu(mė)mės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožinėtu(mė)tės, čiuožinėtis
čiuožtis, čiuožtis
čiuožiuosi, čiuožtis
čiuožiesi, čiuožtis
čiuožiasi, čiuožtis
čiuožiamės, čiuožtis
čiuožiatės, čiuožtis
čiuožks, čiuožtis
čiuožkitės, čiuožtis
čiuožkimės, čiuožtis
čiuožiausi, čiuožtis
čiuožeisi, čiuožtis
čiuožėsi, čiuožtis
čiuožėmės, čiuožtis
čiuožėtės, čiuožtis
čiuoždavausi, čiuožtis
čiuoždavaisi, čiuožtis
čiuoždavosi, čiuožtis
čiuoždavomės, čiuožtis
čiuoždavotės, čiuožtis
čiuožšiusi, čiuožtis
čiuožšisi, čiuožtis
čiuožšis, čiuožtis
čiuožšimės, čiuožtis
čiuožšitės, čiuožtis
čiuožčiausi, čiuožtis
čiuožtumeisi, čiuožtis
čiuožtųsi, čiuožtis
čiuožtu(mė)mės, čiuožtis
čiuožtu(mė)tės, čiuožtis
čiuptis, čiuptis
čiupuosi, čiuptis
čiupiesi, čiuptis
čiupasi, čiuptis
čiupamės, čiuptis
čiupatės, čiuptis
čiupks, čiuptis
čiupkitės, čiuptis
čiupkimės, čiuptis
čiupausi, čiuptis
čiupaisi, čiuptis
čiuposi, čiuptis
čiupomės, čiuptis
čiupotės, čiuptis
čiupdavausi, čiuptis
čiupdavaisi, čiuptis
čiupdavosi, čiuptis
čiupdavomės, čiuptis
čiupdavotės, čiuptis
čiupsiusi, čiuptis
čiupsisi, čiuptis
čiupsis, čiuptis
čiupsimės, čiuptis
čiupsitės, čiuptis
čiupčiausi, čiuptis
čiuptumeisi, čiuptis
čiuptųsi, čiuptis
čiuptu(mė)mės, čiuptis
čiuptu(mė)tės, čiuptis
civilizuotis, civilizuotis
civilizuojuosi, civilizuotis
civilizuojiesi, civilizuotis
civilizuojasi, civilizuotis
civilizuojamės, civilizuotis
civilizuojatės, civilizuotis
civilizuoks, civilizuotis
civilizuokitės, civilizuotis
civilizuokimės, civilizuotis
civilizavausi, civilizuotis
civilizavaisi, civilizuotis
civilizavosi, civilizuotis
civilizavomės, civilizuotis
civilizavotės, civilizuotis
civilizuodavausi, civilizuotis
civilizuodavaisi, civilizuotis
civilizuodavosi, civilizuotis
civilizuodavomės, civilizuotis
civilizuodavotės, civilizuotis
civilizuosiusi, civilizuotis
civilizuosisi, civilizuotis
civilizuosis, civilizuotis
civilizuosimės, civilizuotis
civilizuositės, civilizuotis
civilizuočiausi, civilizuotis
civilizuotumeisi, civilizuotis
civilizuotųsi, civilizuotis
civilizuotu(mė)mės, civilizuotis
civilizuotu(mė)tės, civilizuotis
cypautis, cypautis
cypaujuosi, cypautis
cypaujiesi, cypautis
cypaujasi, cypautis
cypaujamės, cypautis
cypaujatės, cypautis
cypauks, cypautis
cypaukitės, cypautis
cypaukimės, cypautis
cypavausi, cypautis
cypavaisi, cypautis
cypavosi, cypautis
cypavomės, cypautis
cypavotės, cypautis
cypaudavausi, cypautis
cypaudavaisi, cypautis
cypaudavosi, cypautis
cypaudavomės, cypautis
cypaudavotės, cypautis
cypausiusi, cypautis
cypausisi, cypautis
cypausis, cypautis
cypausimės, cypautis
cypausitės, cypautis
cypaučiausi, cypautis
cypautumeisi, cypautis
cypautųsi, cypautis
cypautu(mė)mės, cypautis
cypautu(mė)tės, cypautis
cyptis, cyptis
cypiuosi, cyptis
cypiesi, cyptis
cypiasi, cyptis
cypiamės, cyptis
cypiatės, cyptis
cypks, cyptis
cypkitės, cyptis
cypkimės, cyptis
cypiausi, cyptis
cypeisi, cyptis
cypėsi, cyptis
cypėmės, cyptis
cypėtės, cyptis
cypdavausi, cyptis
cypdavaisi, cyptis
cypdavosi, cyptis
cypdavomės, cyptis
cypdavotės, cyptis
cypsiusi, cyptis
cypsisi, cyptis
cypsis, cyptis
cypsimės, cyptis
cypsitės, cyptis
cypčiausi, cyptis
cyptumeisi, cyptis
cyptųsi, cyptis
cyptu(mė)mės, cyptis
cyptu(mė)tės, cyptis
dabintis, dabintis
dabinuosi, dabintis
dabiniesi, dabintis
dabinasi, dabintis
dabinamės, dabintis
dabinatės, dabintis
dabinks, dabintis
dabinkitės, dabintis
dabinkimės, dabintis
dabinausi, dabintis
dabinaisi, dabintis
dabinosi, dabintis
dabinomės, dabintis
dabinotės, dabintis
dabindavausi, dabintis
dabindavaisi, dabintis
dabindavosi, dabintis
dabindavomės, dabintis
dabindavotės, dabintis
dabinsiusi, dabintis
dabinsisi, dabintis
dabinsis, dabintis
dabinsimės, dabintis
dabinsitės, dabintis
dabinčiausi, dabintis
dabintumeisi, dabintis
dabintųsi, dabintis
dabintu(mė)mės, dabintis
dabintu(mė)tės, dabintis
dailėtis, dailėtis
 dailėjuosi, dailėtis
 dailėjiesi, dailėtis
 dailėjasi, dailėtis
 dailėjamės, dailėtis
 dailėjatės, dailėtis
dailėks, dailėtis
dailėkitės, dailėtis
dailėkimės, dailėtis
 dailėjausi, dailėtis
 dailėjaisi, dailėtis
 dailėjosi, dailėtis
 dailėjomės, dailėtis
 dailėjotės, dailėtis
dailėdavausi, dailėtis
dailėdavaisi, dailėtis
dailėdavosi, dailėtis
dailėdavomės, dailėtis
dailėdavotės, dailėtis
dailėsiusi, dailėtis
dailėsisi, dailėtis
dailėsis, dailėtis
dailėsimės, dailėtis
dailėsitės, dailėtis
dailėčiausi, dailėtis
dailėtumeisi, dailėtis
dailėtųsi, dailėtis
dailėtu(mė)mės, dailėtis
dailėtu(mė)tės, dailėtis
dainuotis, dainuotis
dainuojuosi, dainuotis
dainuojiesi, dainuotis
dainuojasi, dainuotis
dainuojamės, dainuotis
dainuojatės, dainuotis
dainuoks, dainuotis
dainuokitės, dainuotis
dainuokimės, dainuotis
dainavausi, dainuotis
dainavaisi, dainuotis
dainavosi, dainuotis
dainavomės, dainuotis
dainavotės, dainuotis
dainuodavausi, dainuotis
dainuodavaisi, dainuotis
dainuodavosi, dainuotis
dainuodavomės, dainuotis
dainuodavotės, dainuotis
dainuosiusi, dainuotis
dainuosisi, dainuotis
dainuosis, dainuotis
dainuosimės, dainuotis
dainuositės, dainuotis
dainuočiausi, dainuotis
dainuotumeisi, dainuotis
dainuotųsi, dainuotis
dainuotu(mė)mės, dainuotis
dainuotu(mė)tės, dainuotis
dalintis, dalintis
dalinuosi, dalintis
daliniesi, dalintis
dalinasi, dalintis
dalinamės, dalintis
dalinatės, dalintis
dalinks, dalintis
dalinkitės, dalintis
dalinkimės, dalintis
dalinausi, dalintis
dalinaisi, dalintis
dalinosi, dalintis
dalinomės, dalintis
dalinotės, dalintis
dalindavausi, dalintis
dalindavaisi, dalintis
dalindavosi, dalintis
dalindavomės, dalintis
dalindavotės, dalintis
dalinsiusi, dalintis
dalinsisi, dalintis
dalinsis, dalintis
dalinsimės, dalintis
dalinsitės, dalintis
dalinčiausi, dalintis
dalintumeisi, dalintis
dalintųsi, dalintis
dalintu(mė)mės, dalintis
dalintu(mė)tės, dalintis
dalytis, dalytis
dalijuosi, dalytis
dalijiesi, dalytis
dalijasi, dalytis
dalijamės, dalytis
dalijatės, dalytis
dalyks, dalytis
dalykitės, dalytis
dalykimės, dalytis
dalijausi, dalytis
dalijaisi, dalytis
dalijosi, dalytis
dalijomės, dalytis
dalijotės, dalytis
dalydavausi, dalytis
dalydavaisi, dalytis
dalydavosi, dalytis
dalydavomės, dalytis
dalydavotės, dalytis
dalysiusi, dalytis
dalysisi, dalytis
dalisis, dalytis
dalysimės, dalytis
dalysitės, dalytis
dalyčiausi, dalytis
dalytumeisi, dalytis
dalytųsi, dalytis
dalytu(mė)mės, dalytis
dalytu(mė)tės, dalytis
dalyvautis, dalyvautis
dalyvaujuosi, dalyvautis
dalyvaujiesi, dalyvautis
dalyvaujasi, dalyvautis
dalyvaujamės, dalyvautis
dalyvaujatės, dalyvautis
dalyvauks, dalyvautis
dalyvaukitės, dalyvautis
dalyvaukimės, dalyvautis
dalyvavausi, dalyvautis
dalyvavaisi, dalyvautis
dalyvavosi, dalyvautis
dalyvavomės, dalyvautis
dalyvavotės, dalyvautis
dalyvaudavausi, dalyvautis
dalyvaudavaisi, dalyvautis
dalyvaudavosi, dalyvautis
dalyvaudavomės, dalyvautis
dalyvaudavotės, dalyvautis
dalyvausiusi, dalyvautis
dalyvausisi, dalyvautis
dalyvausis, dalyvautis
dalyvausimės, dalyvautis
dalyvausitės, dalyvautis
dalyvaučiausi, dalyvautis
dalyvautumeisi, dalyvautis
dalyvautųsi, dalyvautis
dalyvautu(mė)mės, dalyvautis
dalyvautu(mė)tės, dalyvautis
darytis, darytis
darausi, darytis
daraisi, darytis
darosi, darytis
daromės, darytis
darotės, darytis
daryks, darytis
darykitės, darytis
darykimės, darytis
dariausi, darytis
dareisi, darytis
darėsi, darytis
darėmės, darytis
darėtės, darytis
darydavausi, darytis
darydavaisi, darytis
darydavosi, darytis
darydavomės, darytis
darydavotės, darytis
darysiusi, darytis
darysisi, darytis
darysis, darytis
darysimės, darytis
darysitės, darytis
daryčiausi, darytis
darytumeisi, darytis
darytųsi, darytis
darytu(mė)mės, darytis
darytu(mė)tės, darytis
daugėtis, daugėtis
daugėjuosi, daugėtis
daugėjiesi, daugėtis
daugėjasi, daugėtis
daugėjamės, daugėtis
daugėjatės, daugėtis
daugėks, daugėtis
daugėkitės, daugėtis
daugėkimės, daugėtis
daugėjausi, daugėtis
daugėjaisi, daugėtis
daugėjosi, daugėtis
daugėjomės, daugėtis
daugėjotės, daugėtis
daugėdavausi, daugėtis
daugėdavaisi, daugėtis
daugėdavosi, daugėtis
daugėdavomės, daugėtis
daugėdavotės, daugėtis
daugėsiusi, daugėtis
daugėsisi, daugėtis
daugėsis, daugėtis
daugėsimės, daugėtis
daugėsitės, daugėtis
daugėčiausi, daugėtis
daugėtumeisi, daugėtis
daugėtųsi, daugėtis
daugėtu(mė)mės, daugėtis
daugėtu(mė)tės, daugėtis
daugintis, daugintis
dauginuosi, daugintis
dauginiesi, daugintis
dauginasi, daugintis
dauginamės, daugintis
dauginatės, daugintis
dauginks, daugintis
dauginkitės, daugintis
dauginkimės, daugintis
dauginausi, daugintis
dauginaisi, daugintis
dauginosi, daugintis
dauginomės, daugintis
dauginotės, daugintis
daugindavausi, daugintis
daugindavaisi, daugintis
daugindavosi, daugintis
daugindavomės, daugintis
daugindavotės, daugintis
dauginsiusi, daugintis
dauginsisi, daugintis
dauginsis, daugintis
dauginsimės, daugintis
dauginsitės, daugintis
dauginčiausi, daugintis
daugintumeisi, daugintis
daugintųsi, daugintis
daugintu(mė)mės, daugintis
daugintu(mė)tės, daugintis
daužinėtis, daužinėtis
daužinėjuosi, daužinėtis
daužinėjiesi, daužinėtis
daužinėjasi, daužinėtis
daužinėjamės, daužinėtis
daužinėjatės, daužinėtis
daužinėks, daužinėtis
daužinėkitės, daužinėtis
daužinėkimės, daužinėtis
daužinėjausi, daužinėtis
daužinėjaisi, daužinėtis
daužinėjosi, daužinėtis
daužinėjomės, daužinėtis
daužinėjotės, daužinėtis
daužinėdavausi, daužinėtis
daužinėdavaisi, daužinėtis
daužinėdavosi, daužinėtis
daužinėdavomės, daužinėtis
daužinėdavotės, daužinėtis
daužinėsiusi, daužinėtis
daužinėsisi, daužinėtis
daužinėsis, daužinėtis
daužinėsimės, daužinėtis
daužinėsitės, daužinėtis
daužinėčiausi, daužinėtis
daužinėtumeisi, daužinėtis
daužinėtųsi, daužinėtis
daužinėtu(mė)mės, daužinėtis
daužinėtu(mė)tės, daužinėtis
daužtis, daužtis
daužiuosi, daužtis
daužiesi, daužtis
daužiasi, daužtis
daužiamės, daužtis
daužiatės, daužtis
daužks, daužtis
daužkitės, daužtis
daužkimės, daužtis
daužiausi, daužtis
daužeisi, daužtis
daužėsi, daužtis
daužėmės, daužtis
daužėtės, daužtis
dauždavausi, daužtis
dauždavaisi, daužtis
dauždavosi, daužtis
dauždavomės, daužtis
dauždavotės, daužtis
daužšiusi, daužtis
daužšisi, daužtis
daužšis, daužtis
daužšimės, daužtis
daužšitės, daužtis
daužčiausi, daužtis
daužtumeisi, daužtis
daužtųsi, daužtis
daužtu(mė)mės, daužtis
daužtu(mė)tės, daužtis
daužytis, daužytis
daužausi, daužytis
daužaisi, daužytis
daužosi, daužytis
daužomės, daužytis
daužotės, daužytis
daužyks, daužytis
daužykitės, daužytis
daužykimės, daužytis
daužiausi, daužytis
daužeisi, daužytis
daužėsi, daužytis
daužėmės, daužytis
daužėtės, daužytis
daužydavausi, daužytis
daužydavaisi, daužytis
daužydavosi, daužytis
daužydavomės, daužytis
daužydavotės, daužytis
daužysiusi, daužytis
daužysisi, daužytis
daužysis, daužytis
daužysimės, daužytis
daužysitės, daužytis
daužyčiausi, daužytis
daužytumeisi, daužytis
daužytųsi, daužytis
daužytu(mė)mės, daužytis
daužytu(mė)tės, daužytis
davinėtis, davinėtis
davinėjuosi, davinėtis
davinėjiesi, davinėtis
davinėjasi, davinėtis
davinėjamės, davinėtis
davinėjatės, davinėtis
davinėks, davinėtis
davinėkitės, davinėtis
davinėkimės, davinėtis
davinėjausi, davinėtis
davinėjaisi, davinėtis
davinėjosi, davinėtis
davinėjomės, davinėtis
davinėjotės, davinėtis
davinėdavausi, davinėtis
davinėdavaisi, davinėtis
davinėdavosi, davinėtis
davinėdavomės, davinėtis
davinėdavotės, davinėtis
davinėsiusi, davinėtis
davinėsisi, davinėtis
davinėsis, davinėtis
davinėsimės, davinėtis
davinėsitės, davinėtis
davinėčiausi, davinėtis
davinėtumeisi, davinėtis
davinėtųsi, davinėtis
davinėtu(mė)mės, davinėtis
davinėtu(mė)tės, davinėtis
dažytis, dažytis
dažausi, dažytis
dažaisi, dažytis
dažosi, dažytis
dažomės, dažytis
dažotės, dažytis
dažyks, dažytis
dažykitės, dažytis
dažykimės, dažytis
dažiausi, dažytis
dažeisi, dažytis
dažėsi, dažytis
dažėmės, dažytis
dažėtės, dažytis
dažydavausi, dažytis
dažydavaisi, dažytis
dažydavosi, dažytis
dažydavomės, dažytis
dažydavotės, dažytis
dažysiusi, dažytis
dažysisi, dažytis
dažysis, dažytis
dažysimės, dažytis
dažysitės, dažytis
dažyčiausi, dažytis
dažytumeisi, dažytis
dažytųsi, dažytis
dažytu(mė)mės, dažytis
dažytu(mė)tės, dažytis
deaktivuotis, deaktivuotis
deaktyvuojuosi, deaktivuotis
deaktyvuojiesi, deaktivuotis
deaktyvuojasi, deaktivuotis
deaktyvuojamės, deaktivuotis
deaktyvuojatės, deaktivuotis
deaktivuoks, deaktivuotis
deaktivuokitės, deaktivuotis
deaktivuokimės, deaktivuotis
deaktyvavausi, deaktivuotis
deaktyvavaisi, deaktivuotis
deaktyvavosi, deaktivuotis
deaktyvavomės, deaktivuotis
deaktyvavotės, deaktivuotis
deaktivuodavausi, deaktivuotis
deaktivuodavaisi, deaktivuotis
deaktivuodavosi, deaktivuotis
deaktivuodavomės, deaktivuotis
deaktivuodavotės, deaktivuotis
deaktivuosiusi, deaktivuotis
deaktivuosisi, deaktivuotis
deaktivuosis, deaktivuotis
deaktivuosimės, deaktivuotis
deaktivuositės, deaktivuotis
deaktivuočiausi, deaktivuotis
deaktivuotumeisi, deaktivuotis
deaktivuotųsi, deaktivuotis
deaktivuotu(mė)mės, deaktivuotis
deaktivuotu(mė)tės, deaktivuotis
dedikuotis, dedikuotis
dedikuojuosi, dedikuotis
dedikuojiesi, dedikuotis
dedikuojasi, dedikuotis
dedikuojamės, dedikuotis
dedikuojatės, dedikuotis
dedikuoks, dedikuotis
dedikuokitės, dedikuotis
dedikuokimės, dedikuotis
dedikavausi, dedikuotis
dedikavaisi, dedikuotis
dedikavosi, dedikuotis
dedikavomės, dedikuotis
dedikavotės, dedikuotis
dedikuodavausi, dedikuotis
dedikuodavaisi, dedikuotis
dedikuodavosi, dedikuotis
dedikuodavomės, dedikuotis
dedikuodavotės, dedikuotis
dedikuosiusi, dedikuotis
dedikuosisi, dedikuotis
dedikuosis, dedikuotis
dedikuosimės, dedikuotis
dedikuositės, dedikuotis
dedikuočiausi, dedikuotis
dedikuotumeisi, dedikuotis
dedikuotųsi, dedikuotis
dedikuotu(mė)mės, dedikuotis
dedikuotu(mė)tės, dedikuotis
degintis, degintis
deginuosi, degintis
deginiesi, degintis
deginasi, degintis
deginamės, degintis
deginatės, degintis
deginks, degintis
deginkitės, degintis
deginkimės, degintis
deginausi, degintis
deginaisi, degintis
deginosi, degintis
deginomės, degintis
deginotės, degintis
degindavausi, degintis
degindavaisi, degintis
degindavosi, degintis
degindavomės, degintis
degindavotės, degintis
deginsiusi, degintis
deginsisi, degintis
deginsis, degintis
deginsimės, degintis
deginsitės, degintis
deginčiausi, degintis
degintumeisi, degintis
degintųsi, degintis
degintu(mė)mės, degintis
degintu(mė)tės, degintis
degtis, degtis
deguosi, degtis
degiesi, degtis
degasi, degtis
degamės, degtis
degatės, degtis
deks, degtis
dekitės, degtis
dekimės, degtis
degiausi, degtis
degeisi, degtis
degėsi, degtis
degėmės, degtis
degėtės, degtis
degdavausi, degtis
degdavaisi, degtis
degdavosi, degtis
degdavomės, degtis
degdavotės, degtis
degsiusi, degtis
degsisi, degtis
degsis, degtis
degsimės, degtis
degsitės, degtis
degčiausi, degtis
degtumeisi, degtis
degtųsi, degtis
degtu(mė)mės, degtis
degtu(mė)tės, degtis
dejuotis, dejuotis
dejuojuosi, dejuotis
dejuojiesi, dejuotis
dejuojasi, dejuotis
dejuojamės, dejuotis
dejuojatės, dejuotis
dejuoks, dejuotis
dejuokitės, dejuotis
dejuokimės, dejuotis
dejavausi, dejuotis
dejavaisi, dejuotis
dejavosi, dejuotis
dejavomės, dejuotis
dejavotės, dejuotis
dejuodavausi, dejuotis
dejuodavaisi, dejuotis
dejuodavosi, dejuotis
dejuodavomės, dejuotis
dejuodavotės, dejuotis
dejuosiusi, dejuotis
dejuosisi, dejuotis
dejuosis, dejuotis
dejuosimės, dejuotis
dejuositės, dejuotis
dejuočiausi, dejuotis
dejuotumeisi, dejuotis
dejuotųsi, dejuotis
dejuotu(mė)mės, dejuotis
dejuotu(mė)tės, dejuotis
deklaruotis, deklaruotis
deklaruojuosi, deklaruotis
deklaruojiesi, deklaruotis
deklaruojasi, deklaruotis
deklaruojamės, deklaruotis
deklaruojatės, deklaruotis
deklaruoks, deklaruotis
deklaruokitės, deklaruotis
deklaruokimės, deklaruotis
deklaravausi, deklaruotis
deklaravaisi, deklaruotis
deklaravosi, deklaruotis
deklaravomės, deklaruotis
deklaravotės, deklaruotis
deklaruodavausi, deklaruotis
deklaruodavaisi, deklaruotis
deklaruodavosi, deklaruotis
deklaruodavomės, deklaruotis
deklaruodavotės, deklaruotis
deklaruosiusi, deklaruotis
deklaruosisi, deklaruotis
deklaruosis, deklaruotis
deklaruosimės, deklaruotis
deklaruositės, deklaruotis
deklaruočiausi, deklaruotis
deklaruotumeisi, deklaruotis
deklaruotųsi, deklaruotis
deklaruotu(mė)mės, deklaruotis
deklaruotu(mė)tės, deklaruotis
dekoruotis, dekoruotis
dekoruojuosi, dekoruotis
dekoruojiesi, dekoruotis
dekoruojasi, dekoruotis
dekoruojamės, dekoruotis
dekoruojatės, dekoruotis
dekoruoks, dekoruotis
dekoruokitės, dekoruotis
dekoruokimės, dekoruotis
dekoravausi, dekoruotis
dekoravaisi, dekoruotis
dekoravosi, dekoruotis
dekoravomės, dekoruotis
dekoravotės, dekoruotis
dekoruodavausi, dekoruotis
dekoruodavaisi, dekoruotis
dekoruodavosi, dekoruotis
dekoruodavomės, dekoruotis
dekoruodavotės, dekoruotis
dekoruosiusi, dekoruotis
dekoruosisi, dekoruotis
dekoruosis, dekoruotis
dekoruosimės, dekoruotis
dekoruositės, dekoruotis
dekoruočiausi, dekoruotis
dekoruotumeisi, dekoruotis
dekoruotųsi, dekoruotis
dekoruotu(mė)mės, dekoruotis
dekoruotu(mė)tės, dekoruotis
dėkotis, dėkotis
dėkojuosi, dėkotis
dėkojiesi, dėkotis
dėkojasi, dėkotis
dėkojamės, dėkotis
dėkojatės, dėkotis
dėkoks, dėkotis
dėkokitės, dėkotis
dėkokimės, dėkotis
dėkojausi, dėkotis
dėkojaisi, dėkotis
dėkojosi, dėkotis
dėkojomės, dėkotis
dėkojotės, dėkotis
dėkodavausi, dėkotis
dėkodavaisi, dėkotis
dėkodavosi, dėkotis
dėkodavomės, dėkotis
dėkodavotės, dėkotis
dėkosiusi, dėkotis
dėkosisi, dėkotis
dėkosis, dėkotis
dėkosimės, dėkotis
dėkositės, dėkotis
dėkočiausi, dėkotis
dėkotumeisi, dėkotis
dėkotųsi, dėkotis
dėkotu(mė)mės, dėkotis
dėkotu(mė)tės, dėkotis
dėliotis, dėliotis
dėliojuosi, dėliotis
dėliojiesi, dėliotis
dėliojasi, dėliotis
dėliojamės, dėliotis
dėliojatės, dėliotis
dėlioks, dėliotis
dėliokitės, dėliotis
dėliokimės, dėliotis
dėliojausi, dėliotis
dėliojaisi, dėliotis
dėliojosi, dėliotis
dėliojomės, dėliotis
dėliojotės, dėliotis
dėliodavausi, dėliotis
dėliodavaisi, dėliotis
dėliodavosi, dėliotis
dėliodavomės, dėliotis
dėliodavotės, dėliotis
dėliosiusi, dėliotis
dėliosisi, dėliotis
dėliosis, dėliotis
dėliosimės, dėliotis
dėliositės, dėliotis
dėliočiausi, dėliotis
dėliotumeisi, dėliotis
dėliotųsi, dėliotis
dėliotu(mė)mės, dėliotis
dėliotu(mė)tės, dėliotis
delstis, delstis
delsiuosi, delstis
delsiesi, delstis
delsiasi, delstis
delsiamės, delstis
delsiatės, delstis
delsks, delstis
delskitės, delstis
delskimės, delstis
delsiausi, delstis
delseisi, delstis
delsėsi, delstis
delsėmės, delstis
delsėtės, delstis
delsdavausi, delstis
delsdavaisi, delstis
delsdavosi, delstis
delsdavomės, delstis
delsdavotės, delstis
delsiusi, delstis
delsisi, delstis
delsis, delstis
delsimės, delstis
delsitės, delstis
delsčiausi, delstis
delstumeisi, delstis
delstųsi, delstis
delstu(mė)mės, delstis
delstu(mė)tės, delstis
dėmėtis, dėmėtis
dėmėjuosi, dėmėtis
dėmėjiesi, dėmėtis
dėmėjasi, dėmėtis
dėmėjamės, dėmėtis
dėmėjatės, dėmėtis
dėmėks, dėmėtis
dėmėkitės, dėmėtis
dėmėkimės, dėmėtis
dėmėjausi, dėmėtis
dėmėjaisi, dėmėtis
dėmėjosi, dėmėtis
dėmėjomės, dėmėtis
dėmėjotės, dėmėtis
dėmėdavausi, dėmėtis
dėmėdavaisi, dėmėtis
dėmėdavosi, dėmėtis
dėmėdavomės, dėmėtis
dėmėdavotės, dėmėtis
dėmėsiusi, dėmėtis
dėmėsisi, dėmėtis
dėmėsis, dėmėtis
dėmėsimės, dėmėtis
dėmėsitės, dėmėtis
dėmėčiausi, dėmėtis
dėmėtumeisi, dėmėtis
dėmėtųsi, dėmėtis
dėmėtu(mė)mės, dėmėtis
dėmėtu(mė)tės, dėmėtis
demonstruotis, demonstruotis
demonstruojuosi, demonstruotis
demonstruojiesi, demonstruotis
demonstruojasi, demonstruotis
demonstruojamės, demonstruotis
demonstruojatės, demonstruotis
demonstruoks, demonstruotis
demonstruokitės, demonstruotis
demonstruokimės, demonstruotis
demonstravausi, demonstruotis
demonstravaisi, demonstruotis
demonstravosi, demonstruotis
demonstravomės, demonstruotis
demonstravotės, demonstruotis
demonstruodavausi, demonstruotis
demonstruodavaisi, demonstruotis
demonstruodavosi, demonstruotis
demonstruodavomės, demonstruotis
demonstruodavotės, demonstruotis
demonstruosiusi, demonstruotis
demonstruosisi, demonstruotis
demonstruosis, demonstruotis
demonstruosimės, demonstruotis
demonstruositės, demonstruotis
demonstruočiausi, demonstruotis
demonstruotumeisi, demonstruotis
demonstruotųsi, demonstruotis
demonstruotu(mė)mės, demonstruotis
demonstruotu(mė)tės, demonstruotis
dengtis, dengtis
dengiuosi, dengtis
dengiesi, dengtis
dengiasi, dengtis
dengiamės, dengtis
dengiatės, dengtis
denks, dengtis
denkitės, dengtis
denkimės, dengtis
dengiausi, dengtis
dengeisi, dengtis
dengėsi, dengtis
dengėmės, dengtis
dengėtės, dengtis
dengdavausi, dengtis
dengdavaisi, dengtis
dengdavosi, dengtis
dengdavomės, dengtis
dengdavotės, dengtis
dengsiusi, dengtis
dengsisi, dengtis
dengsis, dengtis
dengsimės, dengtis
dengsitės, dengtis
dengčiausi, dengtis
dengtumeisi, dengtis
dengtųsi, dengtis
dengtu(mė)mės, dengtis
dengtu(mė)tės, dengtis
deportuotis, deportuotis
deportuojuosi, deportuotis
deportuojiesi, deportuotis
deportuojasi, deportuotis
deportuojamės, deportuotis
deportuojatės, deportuotis
deportuoks, deportuotis
deportuokitės, deportuotis
deportuokimės, deportuotis
deportavausi, deportuotis
deportavaisi, deportuotis
deportavosi, deportuotis
deportavomės, deportuotis
deportavotės, deportuotis
deportuodavausi, deportuotis
deportuodavaisi, deportuotis
deportuodavosi, deportuotis
deportuodavomės, deportuotis
deportuodavotės, deportuotis
deportuosiusi, deportuotis
deportuosisi, deportuotis
deportuosis, deportuotis
deportuosimės, deportuotis
deportuositės, deportuotis
deportuočiausi, deportuotis
deportuotumeisi, deportuotis
deportuotųsi, deportuotis
deportuotu(mė)mės, deportuotis
deportuotu(mė)tės, deportuotis
derėtis, derėtis
deruosi, derėtis
deriesi, derėtis
derasi, derėtis
deramės, derėtis
deratės, derėtis
derėks, derėtis
derėkitės, derėtis
derėkimės, derėtis
derėjausi, derėtis
derėjaisi, derėtis
derėjosi, derėtis
derėjomės, derėtis
derėjotės, derėtis
derėdavausi, derėtis
derėdavaisi, derėtis
derėdavosi, derėtis
derėdavomės, derėtis
derėdavotės, derėtis
derėsiusi, derėtis
derėsisi, derėtis
derėsis, derėtis
derėsimės, derėtis
derėsitės, derėtis
derėčiausi, derėtis
derėtumeisi, derėtis
derėtųsi, derėtis
derėtu(mė)mės, derėtis
derėtu(mė)tės, derėtis
dergtis, dergtis
dergiuosi, dergtis
dergiesi, dergtis
dergiasi, dergtis
dergiamės, dergtis
dergiatės, dergtis
derks, dergtis
derkitės, dergtis
derkimės, dergtis
dergiausi, dergtis
dergeisi, dergtis
dergėsi, dergtis
dergėmės, dergtis
dergėtės, dergtis
dergdavausi, dergtis
dergdavaisi, dergtis
dergdavosi, dergtis
dergdavomės, dergtis
dergdavotės, dergtis
dergsiusi, dergtis
dergsisi, dergtis
dergsis, dergtis
dergsimės, dergtis
dergsitės, dergtis
dergčiausi, dergtis
dergtumeisi, dergtis
dergtųsi, dergtis
dergtu(mė)mės, dergtis
dergtu(mė)tės, dergtis
derintis, derintis
derinuosi, derintis
deriniesi, derintis
derinasi, derintis
derinamės, derintis
derinatės, derintis
derinks, derintis
derinkitės, derintis
derinkimės, derintis
derinausi, derintis
derinaisi, derintis
derinosi, derintis
derinomės, derintis
derinotės, derintis
derindavausi, derintis
derindavaisi, derintis
derindavosi, derintis
derindavomės, derintis
derindavotės, derintis
derinsiusi, derintis
derinsisi, derintis
derinsis, derintis
derinsimės, derintis
derinsitės, derintis
derinčiausi, derintis
derintumeisi, derintis
derintųsi, derintis
derintu(mė)mės, derintis
derintu(mė)tės, derintis
dėstytis, dėstytis
dėstausi, dėstytis
dėstaisi, dėstytis
dėstosi, dėstytis
dėstomės, dėstytis
dėstotės, dėstytis
dėstyks, dėstytis
dėstykitės, dėstytis
dėstykimės, dėstytis
dėsteisi, dėstytis
dėstėsi, dėstytis
dėstėmės, dėstytis
dėstėtės, dėstytis
dėstydavausi, dėstytis
dėstydavaisi, dėstytis
dėstydavosi, dėstytis
dėstydavomės, dėstytis
dėstydavotės, dėstytis
dėstysiusi, dėstytis
dėstysisi, dėstytis
dėstysis, dėstytis
dėstysimės, dėstytis
dėstysitės, dėstytis
dėstyčiausi, dėstytis
dėstytumeisi, dėstytis
dėstytųsi, dėstytis
dėstytu(mė)mės, dėstytis
dėstytu(mė)tės, dėstytis
dėtis, dėtis
dedžuosi, dėtis
dediesi, dėtis
dedasi, dėtis
dedamės, dėtis
dedatės, dėtis
dėks, dėtis
dėkitės, dėtis
dėkimės, dėtis
dėjausi, dėtis
dėjaisi, dėtis
dėjosi, dėtis
dėjomės, dėtis
dėjotės, dėtis
dėdavausi, dėtis
dėdavaisi, dėtis
dėdavosi, dėtis
dėdavomės, dėtis
dėdavotės, dėtis
dėsiusi, dėtis
dėsisi, dėtis
dėsis, dėtis
dėsimės, dėtis
dėsitės, dėtis
dėčiausi, dėtis
dėtumeisi, dėtis
dėtųsi, dėtis
dėtu(mė)mės, dėtis
dėtu(mė)tės, dėtis
devalvuotis, devalvuotis
devalvuojuosi, devalvuotis
devalvuojiesi, devalvuotis
devalvuojasi, devalvuotis
devalvuojamės, devalvuotis
devalvuojatės, devalvuotis
devalvuoks, devalvuotis
devalvuokitės, devalvuotis
devalvuokimės, devalvuotis
devalvavausi, devalvuotis
devalvavaisi, devalvuotis
devalvavosi, devalvuotis
devalvavomės, devalvuotis
devalvavotės, devalvuotis
devalvuodavausi, devalvuotis
devalvuodavaisi, devalvuotis
devalvuodavosi, devalvuotis
devalvuodavomės, devalvuotis
devalvuodavotės, devalvuotis
devalvuosiusi, devalvuotis
devalvuosisi, devalvuotis
devalvuosis, devalvuotis
devalvuosimės, devalvuotis
devalvuositės, devalvuotis
devalvuočiausi, devalvuotis
devalvuotumeisi, devalvuotis
devalvuotųsi, devalvuotis
devalvuotu(mė)mės, devalvuotis
devalvuotu(mė)tės, devalvuotis
dėvėtis, dėvėtis
dėviusi, dėvėtis
dėvisi, dėvėtis
dėvisi, dėvėtis
dėvimės, dėvėtis
dėvitės, dėvėtis
dėvėks, dėvėtis
dėvėkitės, dėvėtis
dėvėkimės, dėvėtis
dėvėjausi, dėvėtis
dėvėjaisi, dėvėtis
dėvėjosi, dėvėtis
dėvėjomės, dėvėtis
dėvėjotės, dėvėtis
dėvėdavausi, dėvėtis
dėvėdavaisi, dėvėtis
dėvėdavosi, dėvėtis
dėvėdavomės, dėvėtis
dėvėdavotės, dėvėtis
dėvėsiusi, dėvėtis
dėvėsisi, dėvėtis
dėvėsis, dėvėtis
dėvėsimės, dėvėtis
dėvėsitės, dėvėtis
dėvėčiausi, dėvėtis
dėvėtumeisi, dėvėtis
dėvėtųsi, dėvėtis
dėvėtu(mė)mės, dėvėtis
dėvėtu(mė)tės, dėvėtis
diagnozuotis, diagnozuotis
diagnozuojuosi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuojiesi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuojasi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuojamės, diagnozuotis
diagnozuojatės, diagnozuotis
diagnozuoks, diagnozuotis
diagnozuokitės, diagnozuotis
diagnozuokimės, diagnozuotis
diagnozavausi, diagnozuotis
diagnozavaisi, diagnozuotis
diagnozavosi, diagnozuotis
diagnozavomės, diagnozuotis
diagnozavotės, diagnozuotis
diagnozuodavausi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuodavaisi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuodavosi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuodavomės, diagnozuotis
diagnozuodavotės, diagnozuotis
diagnozuosiusi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuosisi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuosis, diagnozuotis
diagnozuosimės, diagnozuotis
diagnozuositės, diagnozuotis
diagnozuočiausi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuotumeisi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuotųsi, diagnozuotis
diagnozuotu(mė)mės, diagnozuotis
diagnozuotu(mė)tės, diagnozuotis
didėtis, didėtis
didėjuosi, didėtis
didėjiesi, didėtis
didėjasi, didėtis
didėjamės, didėtis
didėjatės, didėtis
didėks, didėtis
didėkitės, didėtis
didėkimės, didėtis
didėjausi, didėtis
didėjaisi, didėtis
didėjosi, didėtis
didėjomės, didėtis
didėjotės, didėtis
didėdavausi, didėtis
didėdavaisi, didėtis
didėdavosi, didėtis
didėdavomės, didėtis
didėdavotės, didėtis
didėsiusi, didėtis
didėsisi, didėtis
didėsis, didėtis
didėsimės, didėtis
didėsitės, didėtis
didėčiausi, didėtis
didėtumeisi, didėtis
didėtųsi, didėtis
didėtu(mė)mės, didėtis
didėtu(mė)tės, didėtis
didintis, didintis
didinuosi, didintis
didiniesi, didintis
didinasi, didintis
didinamės, didintis
didinatės, didintis
didinks, didintis
didinkitės, didintis
didinkimės, didintis
didinausi, didintis
didinaisi, didintis
didinosi, didintis
didinomės, didintis
didinotės, didintis
didindavausi, didintis
didindavaisi, didintis
didindavosi, didintis
didindavomės, didintis
didindavotės, didintis
didinsiusi, didintis
didinsisi, didintis
didinsis, didintis
didinsimės, didintis
didinsitės, didintis
didinčiausi, didintis
didintumeisi, didintis
didintųsi, didintis
didintu(mė)mės, didintis
didintu(mė)tės, didintis
dienotis, dienotis
dienojuosi, dienotis
dienojiesi, dienotis
dienojasi, dienotis
dienojamės, dienotis
dienojatės, dienotis
dienoks, dienotis
dienokitės, dienotis
dienokimės, dienotis
dienojausi, dienotis
dienojaisi, dienotis
dienojosi, dienotis
dienojomės, dienotis
dienojotės, dienotis
dienodavausi, dienotis
dienodavaisi, dienotis
dienodavosi, dienotis
dienodavomės, dienotis
dienodavotės, dienotis
dienosiusi, dienotis
dienosisi, dienotis
dienosis, dienotis
dienosimės, dienotis
dienositės, dienotis
dienočiausi, dienotis
dienotumeisi, dienotis
dienotųsi, dienotis
dienotu(mė)mės, dienotis
dienotu(mė)tės, dienotis
dievintis, dievintis
dievinuosi, dievintis
dieviniesi, dievintis
dievinasi, dievintis
dievinamės, dievintis
dievinatės, dievintis
dievinks, dievintis
dievinkitės, dievintis
dievinkimės, dievintis
dievinausi, dievintis
dievinaisi, dievintis
dievinosi, dievintis
dievinomės, dievintis
dievinotės, dievintis
dievindavausi, dievintis
dievindavaisi, dievintis
dievindavosi, dievintis
dievindavomės, dievintis
dievindavotės, dievintis
dievinsiusi, dievintis
dievinsisi, dievintis
dievinsis, dievintis
dievinsimės, dievintis
dievinsitės, dievintis
dievinčiausi, dievintis
dievintumeisi, dievintis
dievintųsi, dievintis
dievintu(mė)mės, dievintis
dievintu(mė)tės, dievintis
diktuotis, diktuotis
diktuojuosi, diktuotis
diktuojiesi, diktuotis
diktuojasi, diktuotis
diktuojamės, diktuotis
diktuojatės, diktuotis
diktuoks, diktuotis
diktuokitės, diktuotis
diktuokimės, diktuotis
diktavausi, diktuotis
diktavaisi, diktuotis
diktavosi, diktuotis
diktavomės, diktuotis
diktavotės, diktuotis
diktuodavausi, diktuotis
diktuodavaisi, diktuotis
diktuodavosi, diktuotis
diktuodavomės, diktuotis
diktuodavotės, diktuotis
diktuosiusi, diktuotis
diktuosisi, diktuotis
diktuosis, diktuotis
diktuosimės, diktuotis
diktuositės, diktuotis
diktuočiausi, diktuotis
diktuotumeisi, diktuotis
diktuotųsi, diktuotis
diktuotu(mė)mės, diktuotis
diktuotu(mė)tės, diktuotis
diltis, diltis
dyluosi, diltis
dyliesi, diltis
dylasi, diltis
dylamės, diltis
dylatės, diltis
dilks, diltis
dilkitės, diltis
dilkimės, diltis
dilausi, diltis
dilaisi, diltis
dilosi, diltis
dilomės, diltis
dilotės, diltis
dildavausi, diltis
dildavaisi, diltis
dildavosi, diltis
dildavomės, diltis
dildavotės, diltis
dilsiusi, diltis
dilsisi, diltis
dilsis, diltis
dilsimės, diltis
dilsitės, diltis
dilčiausi, diltis
diltumeisi, diltis
diltųsi, diltis
diltu(mė)mės, diltis
diltu(mė)tės, diltis
dingtis, dingtis
dingstuosi, dingtis
dingstiesi, dingtis
dingstasi, dingtis
dingstamės, dingtis
dingstatės, dingtis
dinks, dingtis
dinkitės, dingtis
dinkimės, dingtis
dingausi, dingtis
dingaisi, dingtis
dingosi, dingtis
dingomės, dingtis
dingotės, dingtis
dingdavausi, dingtis
dingdavaisi, dingtis
dingdavosi, dingtis
dingdavomės, dingtis
dingdavotės, dingtis
dingsiusi, dingtis
dingsisi, dingtis
dingsis, dingtis
dingsimės, dingtis
dingsitės, dingtis
dingčiausi, dingtis
dingtumeisi, dingtis
dingtųsi, dingtis
dingtu(mė)mės, dingtis
dingtu(mė)tės, dingtis
dirbinėtis, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjuosi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjiesi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjasi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjamės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjatės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėks, dirbinėtis
dirbinėkitės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėkimės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjausi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjaisi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjosi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjomės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėjotės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėdavausi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėdavaisi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėdavosi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėdavomės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėdavotės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėsiusi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėsisi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėsis, dirbinėtis
dirbinėsimės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėsitės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėčiausi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėtumeisi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėtųsi, dirbinėtis
dirbinėtu(mė)mės, dirbinėtis
dirbinėtu(mė)tės, dirbinėtis
dirbtis, dirbtis
dirbuosi, dirbtis
dirbiesi, dirbtis
dirbasi, dirbtis
dirbamės, dirbtis
dirbatės, dirbtis
dirbks, dirbtis
dirbkitės, dirbtis
dirbkimės, dirbtis
dirbausi, dirbtis
dirbaisi, dirbtis
dirbosi, dirbtis
dirbomės, dirbtis
dirbotės, dirbtis
dirbdavausi, dirbtis
dirbdavaisi, dirbtis
dirbdavosi, dirbtis
dirbdavomės, dirbtis
dirbdavotės, dirbtis
dirbsiusi, dirbtis
dirbsisi, dirbtis
dirbsis, dirbtis
dirbsimės, dirbtis
dirbsitės, dirbtis
dirbčiausi, dirbtis
dirbtumeisi, dirbtis
dirbtųsi, dirbtis
dirbtu(mė)mės, dirbtis
dirbtu(mė)tės, dirbtis
direktoriautis, direktoriautis
direktoriaujuosi, direktoriautis
direktoriaujiesi, direktoriautis
direktoriaujasi, direktoriautis
direktoriaujamės, direktoriautis
direktoriaujatės, direktoriautis
direktoriauks, direktoriautis
direktoriaukitės, direktoriautis
direktoriaukimės, direktoriautis
direktoriavausi, direktoriautis
direktoriavaisi, direktoriautis
direktoriavosi, direktoriautis
direktoriavomės, direktoriautis
direktoriavotės, direktoriautis
direktoriaudavausi, direktoriautis
direktoriaudavaisi, direktoriautis
direktoriaudavosi, direktoriautis
direktoriaudavomės, direktoriautis
direktoriaudavotės, direktoriautis
direktoriausiusi, direktoriautis
direktoriausisi, direktoriautis
direktoriausis, direktoriautis
direktoriausimės, direktoriautis
direktoriausitės, direktoriautis
direktoriaučiausi, direktoriautis
direktoriautumeisi, direktoriautis
direktoriautųsi, direktoriautis
direktoriautu(mė)mės, direktoriautis
direktoriautu(mė)tės, direktoriautis
dirgintis, dirgintis
dirginuosi, dirgintis
dirginiesi, dirgintis
dirginasi, dirgintis
dirginamės, dirgintis
dirginatės, dirgintis
dirginks, dirgintis
dirginkitės, dirgintis
dirginkimės, dirgintis
dirginausi, dirgintis
dirginaisi, dirgintis
dirginosi, dirgintis
dirginomės, dirgintis
dirginotės, dirgintis
dirgindavausi, dirgintis
dirgindavaisi, dirgintis
dirgindavosi, dirgintis
dirgindavomės, dirgintis
dirgindavotės, dirgintis
dirginsiusi, dirgintis
dirginsisi, dirgintis
dirginsis, dirgintis
dirginsimės, dirgintis
dirginsitės, dirgintis
dirginčiausi, dirgintis
dirgintumeisi, dirgintis
dirgintųsi, dirgintis
dirgintu(mė)mės, dirgintis
dirgintu(mė)tės, dirgintis
dirgtis, dirgtis
dirgstuosi, dirgtis
dirgstiesi, dirgtis
dirgstasi, dirgtis
dirgstamės, dirgtis
dirgstatės, dirgtis
dirks, dirgtis
dirkitės, dirgtis
dirkimės, dirgtis
dirgausi, dirgtis
dirgaisi, dirgtis
dirgosi, dirgtis
dirgomės, dirgtis
dirgotės, dirgtis
dirgdavausi, dirgtis
dirgdavaisi, dirgtis
dirgdavosi, dirgtis
dirgdavomės, dirgtis
dirgdavotės, dirgtis
dirgsiusi, dirgtis
dirgsisi, dirgtis
dirgsis, dirgtis
dirgsimės, dirgtis
dirgsitės, dirgtis
dirgčiausi, dirgtis
dirgtumeisi, dirgtis
dirgtųsi, dirgtis
dirgtu(mė)mės, dirgtis
dirgtu(mė)tės, dirgtis
diriguotis, diriguotis
diriguojuosi, diriguotis
diriguojiesi, diriguotis
diriguojasi, diriguotis
diriguojamės, diriguotis
diriguojatės, diriguotis
diriguoks, diriguotis
diriguokitės, diriguotis
diriguokimės, diriguotis
dirigavausi, diriguotis
dirigavaisi, diriguotis
dirigavosi, diriguotis
dirigavomės, diriguotis
dirigavotės, diriguotis
diriguodavausi, diriguotis
diriguodavaisi, diriguotis
diriguodavosi, diriguotis
diriguodavomės, diriguotis
diriguodavotės, diriguotis
diriguosiusi, diriguotis
diriguosisi, diriguotis
diriguosis, diriguotis
diriguosimės, diriguotis
diriguositės, diriguotis
diriguočiausi, diriguotis
diriguotumeisi, diriguotis
diriguotųsi, diriguotis
diriguotu(mė)mės, diriguotis
diriguotu(mė)tės, diriguotis
dirstelėtis, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjuosi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjiesi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjasi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjamės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjatės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėks, dirstelėtis
dirstelėkitės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėkimės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjausi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjaisi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjosi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjomės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėjotės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėdavausi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėdavaisi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėdavosi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėdavomės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėdavotės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėsiusi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėsisi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėsis, dirstelėtis
dirstelėsimės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėsitės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėčiausi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėtumeisi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėtųsi, dirstelėtis
dirstelėtu(mė)mės, dirstelėtis
dirstelėtu(mė)tės, dirstelėtis
dirtis, dirtis
diriuosi, dirtis
diriesi, dirtis
diriasi, dirtis
diriamės, dirtis
diriatės, dirtis
dirks, dirtis
dirkitės, dirtis
dirkimės, dirtis
dyriausi, dirtis
dyreisi, dirtis
dyrėsi, dirtis
dyrėmės, dirtis
dyrėtės, dirtis
dirdavausi, dirtis
dirdavaisi, dirtis
dirdavosi, dirtis
dirdavomės, dirtis
dirdavotės, dirtis
dirsiusi, dirtis
dirsisi, dirtis
dirsis, dirtis
dirsimės, dirtis
dirsitės, dirtis
dirčiausi, dirtis
dirtumeisi, dirtis
dirtųsi, dirtis
dirtu(mė)mės, dirtis
dirtu(mė)tės, dirtis
diskutuotis, diskutuotis
diskutuojuosi, diskutuotis
diskutuojiesi, diskutuotis
diskutuojasi, diskutuotis
diskutuojamės, diskutuotis
diskutuojatės, diskutuotis
diskutuoks, diskutuotis
diskutuokitės, diskutuotis
diskutuokimės, diskutuotis
diskutavausi, diskutuotis
diskutavaisi, diskutuotis
diskutavosi, diskutuotis
diskutavomės, diskutuotis
diskutavotės, diskutuotis
diskutuodavausi, diskutuotis
diskutuodavaisi, diskutuotis
diskutuodavosi, diskutuotis
diskutuodavomės, diskutuotis
diskutuodavotės, diskutuotis
diskutuosiusi, diskutuotis
diskutuosisi, diskutuotis
diskutuosis, diskutuotis
diskutuosimės, diskutuotis
diskutuositės, diskutuotis
diskutuočiausi, diskutuotis
diskutuotumeisi, diskutuotis
diskutuotųsi, diskutuotis
diskutuotu(mė)mės, diskutuotis
diskutuotu(mė)tės, diskutuotis
dobtis, dobtis
dobiuosi, dobtis
dobiesi, dobtis
dobiasi, dobtis
dobiamės, dobtis
dobiatės, dobtis
dobks, dobtis
dobkitės, dobtis
dobkimės, dobtis
dobiausi, dobtis
dobeisi, dobtis
dobėsi, dobtis
dobėmės, dobtis
dobėtės, dobtis
dobdavausi, dobtis
dobdavaisi, dobtis
dobdavosi, dobtis
dobdavomės, dobtis
dobdavotės, dobtis
dobsiusi, dobtis
dobsisi, dobtis
dobsis, dobtis
dobsimės, dobtis
dobsitės, dobtis
dobčiausi, dobtis
dobtumeisi, dobtis
dobtųsi, dobtis
dobtu(mė)mės, dobtis
dobtu(mė)tės, dobtis
domintis, domintis
dominuosi, domintis
dominiesi, domintis
dominasi, domintis
dominamės, domintis
dominatės, domintis
dominks, domintis
dominkitės, domintis
dominkimės, domintis
dominausi, domintis
dominaisi, domintis
dominosi, domintis
dominomės, domintis
dominotės, domintis
domindavausi, domintis
domindavaisi, domintis
domindavosi, domintis
domindavomės, domintis
domindavotės, domintis
dominsiusi, domintis
dominsisi, domintis
dominsis, domintis
dominsimės, domintis
dominsitės, domintis
dominčiausi, domintis
domintumeisi, domintis
domintųsi, domintis
domintu(mė)mės, domintis
domintu(mė)tės, domintis
dominuotis, dominuotis
dominuojuosi, dominuotis
dominuojiesi, dominuotis
dominuojasi, dominuotis
dominuojamės, dominuotis
dominuojatės, dominuotis
dominuoks, dominuotis
dominuokitės, dominuotis
dominuokimės, dominuotis
dominavausi, dominuotis
dominavaisi, dominuotis
dominavosi, dominuotis
dominavomės, dominuotis
dominavotės, dominuotis
dominuodavausi, dominuotis
dominuodavaisi, dominuotis
dominuodavosi, dominuotis
dominuodavomės, dominuotis
dominuodavotės, dominuotis
dominuosiusi, dominuotis
dominuosisi, dominuotis
dominuosis, dominuotis
dominuosimės, dominuotis
dominuositės, dominuotis
dominuočiausi, dominuotis
dominuotumeisi, dominuotis
dominuotųsi, dominuotis
dominuotu(mė)mės, dominuotis
dominuotu(mė)tės, dominuotis
dorotis, dorotis
dorojuosi, dorotis
dorojiesi, dorotis
dorojasi, dorotis
dorojamės, dorotis
dorojatės, dorotis
doroks, dorotis
dorokitės, dorotis
dorokimės, dorotis
dorojausi, dorotis
dorojaisi, dorotis
dorojosi, dorotis
dorojomės, dorotis
dorojotės, dorotis
dorodavausi, dorotis
dorodavaisi, dorotis
dorodavosi, dorotis
dorodavomės, dorotis
dorodavotės, dorotis
dorosiusi, dorotis
dorosisi, dorotis
dorosis, dorotis
dorosimės, dorotis
dorositės, dorotis
doročiausi, dorotis
dorotumeisi, dorotis
dorotųsi, dorotis
dorotu(mė)mės, dorotis
dorotu(mė)tės, dorotis
dovanotis, dovanotis
dovanojuosi, dovanotis
dovanojiesi, dovanotis
dovanojasi, dovanotis
dovanojamės, dovanotis
dovanojatės, dovanotis
dovanoks, dovanotis
dovanokitės, dovanotis
dovanokimės, dovanotis
dovanojausi, dovanotis
dovanojaisi, dovanotis
dovanojosi, dovanotis
dovanojomės, dovanotis
dovanojotės, dovanotis
dovanodavausi, dovanotis
dovanodavaisi, dovanotis
dovanodavosi, dovanotis
dovanodavomės, dovanotis
dovanodavotės, dovanotis
dovanosiusi, dovanotis
dovanosisi, dovanotis
dovanosis, dovanotis
dovanosimės, dovanotis
dovanositės, dovanotis
dovanočiausi, dovanotis
dovanotumeisi, dovanotis
dovanotųsi, dovanotis
dovanotu(mė)mės, dovanotis
dovanotu(mė)tės, dovanotis
drabstytis, drabstytis
drabstausi, drabstytis
drabstaisi, drabstytis
drabstosi, drabstytis
drabstomės, drabstytis
drabstotės, drabstytis
drabstyks, drabstytis
drabstykitės, drabstytis
drabstykimės, drabstytis
drabsteisi, drabstytis
drabstėsi, drabstytis
drabstėmės, drabstytis
drabstėtės, drabstytis
drabstydavausi, drabstytis
drabstydavaisi, drabstytis
drabstydavosi, drabstytis
drabstydavomės, drabstytis
drabstydavotės, drabstytis
drabstysiusi, drabstytis
drabstysisi, drabstytis
drabstysis, drabstytis
drabstysimės, drabstytis
drabstysitės, drabstytis
drabstyčiausi, drabstytis
drabstytumeisi, drabstytis
drabstytųsi, drabstytis
drabstytu(mė)mės, drabstytis
drabstytu(mė)tės, drabstytis
dramatizuotis, dramatizuotis
dramatizuojuosi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuojiesi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuojasi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuojamės, dramatizuotis
dramatizuojatės, dramatizuotis
dramatizuoks, dramatizuotis
dramatizuokitės, dramatizuotis
dramatizuokimės, dramatizuotis
dramatizavausi, dramatizuotis
dramatizavaisi, dramatizuotis
dramatizavosi, dramatizuotis
dramatizavomės, dramatizuotis
dramatizavotės, dramatizuotis
dramatizuodavausi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuodavaisi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuodavosi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuodavomės, dramatizuotis
dramatizuodavotės, dramatizuotis
dramatizuosiusi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuosisi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuosis, dramatizuotis
dramatizuosimės, dramatizuotis
dramatizuositės, dramatizuotis
dramatizuočiausi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuotumeisi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuotųsi, dramatizuotis
dramatizuotu(mė)mės, dramatizuotis
dramatizuotu(mė)tės, dramatizuotis
drąsintis, drąsintis
drasinuosi, drąsintis
drasiniesi, drąsintis
drasinasi, drąsintis
drasinamės, drąsintis
drasinatės, drąsintis
drąsinks, drąsintis
drąsinkitės, drąsintis
drąsinkimės, drąsintis
drasinausi, drąsintis
drasinaisi, drąsintis
drasinosi, drąsintis
drasinomės, drąsintis
drasinotės, drąsintis
drąsindavausi, drąsintis
drąsindavaisi, drąsintis
drąsindavosi, drąsintis
drąsindavomės, drąsintis
drąsindavotės, drąsintis
drąsinsiusi, drąsintis
drąsinsisi, drąsintis
drąsinsis, drąsintis
drąsinsimės, drąsintis
drąsinsitės, drąsintis
drąsinčiausi, drąsintis
drąsintumeisi, drąsintis
drąsintųsi, drąsintis
drąsintu(mė)mės, drąsintis
drąsintu(mė)tės, drąsintis
drąskytis, drąskytis
drasinuosi, drąskytis
drasiniesi, drąskytis
drasinasi, drąskytis
drasinamės, drąskytis
drasinatės, drąskytis
drąskyks, drąskytis
drąskykitės, drąskytis
drąskykimės, drąskytis
drasinausi, drąskytis
drasinaisi, drąskytis
drasinosi, drąskytis
drasinomės, drąskytis
drasinotės, drąskytis
drąskydavausi, drąskytis
drąskydavaisi, drąskytis
drąskydavosi, drąskytis
drąskydavomės, drąskytis
drąskydavotės, drąskytis
drąskysiusi, drąskytis
drąskysisi, drąskytis
drąskysis, drąskytis
drąskysimės, drąskytis
drąskysitės, drąskytis
drąskyčiausi, drąskytis
drąskytumeisi, drąskytis
drąskytųsi, drąskytis
drąskytu(mė)mės, drąskytis
drąskytu(mė)tės, drąskytis
draskytis, draskytis
draskausi, draskytis
draskaisi, draskytis
draskosi, draskytis
draskomės, draskytis
draskotės, draskytis
draskyks, draskytis
draskykitės, draskytis
draskykimės, draskytis
draskiausi, draskytis
draskeisi, draskytis
draskėsi, draskytis
draskėmės, draskytis
draskėtės, draskytis
draskydavausi, draskytis
draskydavaisi, draskytis
draskydavosi, draskytis
draskydavomės, draskytis
draskydavotės, draskytis
draskysiusi, draskytis
draskysisi, draskytis
draskysis, draskytis
draskysimės, draskytis
draskysitės, draskytis
draskyčiausi, draskytis
draskytumeisi, draskytis
draskytųsi, draskytis
draskytu(mė)mės, draskytis
draskytu(mė)tės, draskytis
draugautis, draugautis
draugaujuosi, draugautis
draugaujiesi, draugautis
draugaujasi, draugautis
draugaujamės, draugautis
draugaujatės, draugautis
draugauks, draugautis
draugaukitės, draugautis
draugaukimės, draugautis
draugavausi, draugautis
draugavaisi, draugautis
draugavosi, draugautis
draugavomės, draugautis
draugavotės, draugautis
draugaudavausi, draugautis
draugaudavaisi, draugautis
draugaudavosi, draugautis
draugaudavomės, draugautis
draugaudavotės, draugautis
draugausiusi, draugautis
draugausisi, draugautis
draugausis, draugautis
draugausimės, draugautis
draugausitės, draugautis
draugaučiausi, draugautis
draugautumeisi, draugautis
draugautųsi, draugautis
draugautu(mė)mės, draugautis
draugautu(mė)tės, draugautis
draustis, draustis
draudžiuosi, draustis
draudžiesi, draustis
draudžiasi, draustis
draudžiamės, draustis
draudžiatės, draustis
drausks, draustis
drauskitės, draustis
drauskimės, draustis
draudeisi, draustis
draudėsi, draustis
draudėmės, draustis
draudėtės, draustis
drausdavausi, draustis
drausdavaisi, draustis
drausdavosi, draustis
drausdavomės, draustis
drausdavotės, draustis
drausiusi, draustis
drausisi, draustis
drausis, draustis
drausimės, draustis
drausitės, draustis
drausčiausi, draustis
draustumeisi, draustis
draustųsi, draustis
draustu(mė)mės, draustis
draustu(mė)tės, draustis
drebėtis, drebėtis
drebuosi, drebėtis
drebiesi, drebėtis
drebasi, drebėtis
drebamės, drebėtis
drebatės, drebėtis
drebėks, drebėtis
drebėkitės, drebėtis
drebėkimės, drebėtis
drebėjausi, drebėtis
drebėjaisi, drebėtis
drebėjosi, drebėtis
drebėjomės, drebėtis
drebėjotės, drebėtis
drebėdavausi, drebėtis
drebėdavaisi, drebėtis
drebėdavosi, drebėtis
drebėdavomės, drebėtis
drebėdavotės, drebėtis
drebėsiusi, drebėtis
drebėsisi, drebėtis
drebėsis, drebėtis
drebėsimės, drebėtis
drebėsitės, drebėtis
drebėčiausi, drebėtis
drebėtumeisi, drebėtis
drebėtųsi, drebėtis
drebėtu(mė)mės, drebėtis
drebėtu(mė)tės, drebėtis
drebintis, drebintis
drebinuosi, drebintis
drebiniesi, drebintis
drebinasi, drebintis
drebinamės, drebintis
drebinatės, drebintis
drebinks, drebintis
drebinkitės, drebintis
drebinkimės, drebintis
drebinausi, drebintis
drebinaisi, drebintis
drebinosi, drebintis
drebinomės, drebintis
drebinotės, drebintis
drebindavausi, drebintis
drebindavaisi, drebintis
drebindavosi, drebintis
drebindavomės, drebintis
drebindavotės, drebintis
drebinsiusi, drebintis
drebinsisi, drebintis
drebinsis, drebintis
drebinsimės, drebintis
drebinsitės, drebintis
drebinčiausi, drebintis
drebintumeisi, drebintis
drebintųsi, drebintis
drebintu(mė)mės, drebintis
drebintu(mė)tės, drebintis
drėbtis, drėbtis
drebiuosi, drėbtis
drebiesi, drėbtis
drebiasi, drėbtis
drebiamės, drėbtis
drebiatės, drėbtis
drėbks, drėbtis
drėbkitės, drėbtis
drėbkimės, drėbtis
drėbiausi, drėbtis
drėbeisi, drėbtis
drėbėsi, drėbtis
drėbėmės, drėbtis
drėbėtės, drėbtis
drėbdavausi, drėbtis
drėbdavaisi, drėbtis
drėbdavosi, drėbtis
drėbdavomės, drėbtis
drėbdavotės, drėbtis
drėbsiusi, drėbtis
drėbsisi, drėbtis
drėbsis, drėbtis
drėbsimės, drėbtis
drėbsitės, drėbtis
drėbčiausi, drėbtis
drėbtumeisi, drėbtis
drėbtųsi, drėbtis
drėbtu(mė)mės, drėbtis
drėbtu(mė)tės, drėbtis
drėgtis, drėgtis
drėgstuosi, drėgtis
drėgstiesi, drėgtis
drėgstasi, drėgtis
drėgstamės, drėgtis
drėgstatės, drėgtis
drėks, drėgtis
drėkitės, drėgtis
drėkimės, drėgtis
drėgausi, drėgtis
drėgaisi, drėgtis
drėgosi, drėgtis
drėgomės, drėgtis
drėgotės, drėgtis
drėgdavausi, drėgtis
drėgdavaisi, drėgtis
drėgdavosi, drėgtis
drėgdavomės, drėgtis
drėgdavotės, drėgtis
drėgsiusi, drėgtis
drėgsisi, drėgtis
drėgsis, drėgtis
drėgsimės, drėgtis
drėgsitės, drėgtis
drėgčiausi, drėgtis
drėgtumeisi, drėgtis
drėgtųsi, drėgtis
drėgtu(mė)mės, drėgtis
drėgtu(mė)tės, drėgtis
dreifuotis, dreifuotis
dreifuojuosi, dreifuotis
dreifuojiesi, dreifuotis
dreifuojasi, dreifuotis
dreifuojamės, dreifuotis
dreifuojatės, dreifuotis
dreifuoks, dreifuotis
dreifuokitės, dreifuotis
dreifuokimės, dreifuotis
dreifavausi, dreifuotis
dreifavaisi, dreifuotis
dreifavosi, dreifuotis
dreifavomės, dreifuotis
dreifavotės, dreifuotis
dreifuodavausi, dreifuotis
dreifuodavaisi, dreifuotis
dreifuodavosi, dreifuotis
dreifuodavomės, dreifuotis
dreifuodavotės, dreifuotis
dreifuosiusi, dreifuotis
dreifuosisi, dreifuotis
dreifuosis, dreifuotis
dreifuosimės, dreifuotis
dreifuositės, dreifuotis
dreifuočiausi, dreifuotis
dreifuotumeisi, dreifuotis
dreifuotųsi, dreifuotis
dreifuotu(mė)mės, dreifuotis
dreifuotu(mė)tės, dreifuotis
drėkstis, drėkstis
dreskiuosi, drėkstis
dreskiesi, drėkstis
dreskiasi, drėkstis
dreskiamės, drėkstis
dreskiatės, drėkstis
drėksks, drėkstis
drėkskitės, drėkstis
drėkskimės, drėkstis
drėskiausi, drėkstis
drėskeisi, drėkstis
drėskėsi, drėkstis
drėskėmės, drėkstis
drėskėtės, drėkstis
drėksdavausi, drėkstis
drėksdavaisi, drėkstis
drėksdavosi, drėkstis
drėksdavomės, drėkstis
drėksdavotės, drėkstis
drėksiusi, drėkstis
drėksisi, drėkstis
drėksis, drėkstis
drėksimės, drėkstis
drėksitės, drėkstis
drėksčiausi, drėkstis
drėkstumeisi, drėkstis
drėkstųsi, drėkstis
drėkstu(mė)mės, drėkstis
drėkstu(mė)tės, drėkstis
drėktis, drėktis
drėkstuosi, drėktis
drėkstiesi, drėktis
drėkstasi, drėktis
drėkstamės, drėktis
drėkstatės, drėktis
drėks, drėktis
drėkitės, drėktis
drėkimės, drėktis
drėkausi, drėktis
drėkaisi, drėktis
drėkosi, drėktis
drėkomės, drėktis
drėkotės, drėktis
drėkdavausi, drėktis
drėkdavaisi, drėktis
drėkdavosi, drėktis
drėkdavomės, drėktis
drėkdavotės, drėktis
drėksiusi, drėktis
drėksisi, drėktis
drėksis, drėktis
drėksimės, drėktis
drėksitės, drėktis
drėkčiausi, drėktis
drėktumeisi, drėktis
drėktųsi, drėktis
drėktu(mė)mės, drėktis
drėktu(mė)tės, drėktis
dribtis, dribtis
drimbuosi, dribtis
drimbiesi, dribtis
drimbasi, dribtis
drimbamės, dribtis
drimbatės, dribtis
dribks, dribtis
dribkitės, dribtis
dribkimės, dribtis
dribausi, dribtis
dribaisi, dribtis
dribosi, dribtis
dribomės, dribtis
dribotės, dribtis
dribdavausi, dribtis
dribdavaisi, dribtis
dribdavosi, dribtis
dribdavomės, dribtis
dribdavotės, dribtis
dribsiusi, dribtis
dribsisi, dribtis
dribsis, dribtis
dribsimės, dribtis
dribsitės, dribtis
dribčiausi, dribtis
dribtumeisi, dribtis
dribtųsi, dribtis
dribtu(mė)mės, dribtis
dribtu(mė)tės, dribtis
drįstis, drįstis
drįstuosi, drįstis
drįstiesi, drįstis
drįstasi, drįstis
drįstamės, drįstis
drįstatės, drįstis
drįsks, drįstis
drįskitės, drįstis
drįskimės, drįstis
drįsausi, drįstis
drįsaisi, drįstis
drįsosi, drįstis
drįsomės, drįstis
drįsotės, drįstis
drįsdavausi, drįstis
drįsdavaisi, drįstis
drįsdavosi, drįstis
drįsdavomės, drįstis
drįsdavotės, drįstis
drįsiusi, drįstis
drįsisi, drįstis
drįsis, drįstis
drįsimės, drįstis
drįsitės, drįstis
drįsčiausi, drįstis
drįstumeisi, drįstis
drįstųsi, drįstis
drįstu(mė)mės, drįstis
drįstu(mė)tės, drįstis
drožtis, drožtis
drožiuosi, drožtis
drožiesi, drožtis
drožiasi, drožtis
drožiamės, drožtis
drožiatės, drožtis
drožks, drožtis
drožkitės, drožtis
drožkimės, drožtis
drožiausi, drožtis
drožeisi, drožtis
drožėsi, drožtis
drožėmės, drožtis
drožėtės, drožtis
droždavausi, drožtis
droždavaisi, drožtis
droždavosi, drožtis
droždavomės, drožtis
droždavotės, drožtis
drožšiusi, drožtis
drožšisi, drožtis
drožšis, drožtis
drožšimės, drožtis
drožšitės, drožtis
drožčiausi, drožtis
drožtumeisi, drožtis
drožtųsi, drožtis
drožtu(mė)mės, drožtis
drožtu(mė)tės, drožtis
drumstis, drumstis
drumsčiuosi, drumstis
drumsčiesi, drumstis
drumsčiasi, drumstis
drumsčiamės, drumstis
drumsčiatės, drumstis
drumsks, drumstis
drumskitės, drumstis
drumskimės, drumstis
drumsteisi, drumstis
drumstėsi, drumstis
drumstėmės, drumstis
drumstėtės, drumstis
drumsdavausi, drumstis
drumsdavaisi, drumstis
drumsdavosi, drumstis
drumsdavomės, drumstis
drumsdavotės, drumstis
drumsiusi, drumstis
drumsisi, drumstis
drumsis, drumstis
drumsimės, drumstis
drumsitės, drumstis
drumsčiausi, drumstis
drumstumeisi, drumstis
drumstųsi, drumstis
drumstu(mė)mės, drumstis
drumstu(mė)tės, drumstis
drybsotis, drybsotis
drybsausi, drybsotis
drybsaisi, drybsotis
drybsosi, drybsotis
drybsomės, drybsotis
drybsotės, drybsotis
drybsoks, drybsotis
drybsokitės, drybsotis
drybsokimės, drybsotis
drybsojausi, drybsotis
drybsojaisi, drybsotis
drybsojosi, drybsotis
drybsojomės, drybsotis
drybsojotės, drybsotis
drybsodavausi, drybsotis
drybsodavaisi, drybsotis
drybsodavosi, drybsotis
drybsodavomės, drybsotis
drybsodavotės, drybsotis
drybsosiusi, drybsotis
drybsosisi, drybsotis
drybsosis, drybsotis
drybsosimės, drybsotis
drybsositės, drybsotis
drybsočiausi, drybsotis
drybsotumeisi, drybsotis
drybsotųsi, drybsotis
drybsotu(mė)mės, drybsotis
drybsotu(mė)tės, drybsotis
dubliuotis, dubliuotis
dubliuojuosi, dubliuotis
dubliuojiesi, dubliuotis
dubliuojasi, dubliuotis
dubliuojamės, dubliuotis
dubliuojatės, dubliuotis
dubliuoks, dubliuotis
dubliuokitės, dubliuotis
dubliuokimės, dubliuotis
dubliavausi, dubliuotis
dubliavaisi, dubliuotis
dubliavosi, dubliuotis
dubliavomės, dubliuotis
dubliavotės, dubliuotis
dubliuodavausi, dubliuotis
dubliuodavaisi, dubliuotis
dubliuodavosi, dubliuotis
dubliuodavomės, dubliuotis
dubliuodavotės, dubliuotis
dubliuosiusi, dubliuotis
dubliuosisi, dubliuotis
dubliuosis, dubliuotis
dubliuosimės, dubliuotis
dubliuositės, dubliuotis
dubliuočiausi, dubliuotis
dubliuotumeisi, dubliuotis
dubliuotųsi, dubliuotis
dubliuotu(mė)mės, dubliuotis
dubliuotu(mė)tės, dubliuotis
dubtis, dubtis
dumbuosi, dubtis
dumbiesi, dubtis
dumbasi, dubtis
dumbamės, dubtis
dumbatės, dubtis
dubks, dubtis
dubkitės, dubtis
dubkimės, dubtis
dubausi, dubtis
dubaisi, dubtis
dubosi, dubtis
dubomės, dubtis
dubotės, dubtis
dubdavausi, dubtis
dubdavaisi, dubtis
dubdavosi, dubtis
dubdavomės, dubtis
dubdavotės, dubtis
dubsiusi, dubtis
dubsisi, dubtis
dubsis, dubtis
dubsimės, dubtis
dubsitės, dubtis
dubčiausi, dubtis
dubtumeisi, dubtis
dubtųsi, dubtis
dubtu(mė)mės, dubtis
dubtu(mė)tės, dubtis
dūgztis, dūgztis
dūzgiuosi, dūgztis
dūzgiesi, dūgztis
dūzgiasi, dūgztis
dūzgiamės, dūgztis
dūzgiatės, dūgztis
dūgzks, dūgztis
dūgzkitės, dūgztis
dūgzkimės, dūgztis
dūzgiausi, dūgztis
dūzgeisi, dūgztis
dūzgėsi, dūgztis
dūzgėmės, dūgztis
dūzgėtės, dūgztis
dūgzdavausi, dūgztis
dūgzdavaisi, dūgztis
dūgzdavosi, dūgztis
dūgzdavomės, dūgztis
dūgzdavotės, dūgztis
dūgzsiusi, dūgztis
dūgzsisi, dūgztis
dūgzsis, dūgztis
dūgzsimės, dūgztis
dūgzsitės, dūgztis
dūgzčiausi, dūgztis
dūgztumeisi, dūgztis
dūgztųsi, dūgztis
dūgztu(mė)mės, dūgztis
dūgztu(mė)tės, dūgztis
dūktis, dūktis
dūkstuosi, dūktis
dūkstiesi, dūktis
dūkstasi, dūktis
dūkstamės, dūktis
dūkstatės, dūktis
dūks, dūktis
dūkitės, dūktis
dūkimės, dūktis
dūkausi, dūktis
dūkaisi, dūktis
dūkosi, dūktis
dūkomės, dūktis
dūkotės, dūktis
dūkdavausi, dūktis
dūkdavaisi, dūktis
dūkdavosi, dūktis
dūkdavomės, dūktis
dūkdavotės, dūktis
dūksiusi, dūktis
dūksisi, dūktis
dūksis, dūktis
dūksimės, dūktis
dūksitės, dūktis
dūkčiausi, dūktis
dūktumeisi, dūktis
dūktųsi, dūktis
dūktu(mė)mės, dūktis
dūktu(mė)tės, dūktis
dulkintis, dulkintis
dulkinuosi, dulkintis
dulkiniesi, dulkintis
dulkinasi, dulkintis
dulkinamės, dulkintis
dulkinatės, dulkintis
dulkinks, dulkintis
dulkinkitės, dulkintis
dulkinkimės, dulkintis
dulkinausi, dulkintis
dulkinaisi, dulkintis
dulkinosi, dulkintis
dulkinomės, dulkintis
dulkinotės, dulkintis
dulkindavausi, dulkintis
dulkindavaisi, dulkintis
dulkindavosi, dulkintis
dulkindavomės, dulkintis
dulkindavotės, dulkintis
dulkinsiusi, dulkintis
dulkinsisi, dulkintis
dulkinsis, dulkintis
dulkinsimės, dulkintis
dulkinsitės, dulkintis
dulkinčiausi, dulkintis
dulkintumeisi, dulkintis
dulkintųsi, dulkintis
dulkintu(mė)mės, dulkintis
dulkintu(mė)tės, dulkintis
dulksnotis, dulksnotis
dulksnojuosi, dulksnotis
dulksnojiesi, dulksnotis
dulksnojasi, dulksnotis
dulksnojamės, dulksnotis
dulksnojatės, dulksnotis
dulksnoks, dulksnotis
dulksnokitės, dulksnotis
dulksnokimės, dulksnotis
dulksnojausi, dulksnotis
dulksnojaisi, dulksnotis
dulksnojosi, dulksnotis
dulksnojomės, dulksnotis
dulksnojotės, dulksnotis
dulksnodavausi, dulksnotis
dulksnodavaisi, dulksnotis
dulksnodavosi, dulksnotis
dulksnodavomės, dulksnotis
dulksnodavotės, dulksnotis
dulksnosiusi, dulksnotis
dulksnosisi, dulksnotis
dulksnosis, dulksnotis
dulksnosimės, dulksnotis
dulksnositės, dulksnotis
dulksnočiausi, dulksnotis
dulksnotumeisi, dulksnotis
dulksnotųsi, dulksnotis
dulksnotu(mė)mės, dulksnotis
dulksnotu(mė)tės, dulksnotis
dumtis, dumtis
dumiuosi, dumtis
dumiesi, dumtis
dumiasi, dumtis
dumiamės, dumtis
dumiatės, dumtis
dumks, dumtis
dumkitės, dumtis
dumkimės, dumtis
dūmiausi, dumtis
dūmeisi, dumtis
dūmėsi, dumtis
dūmėmės, dumtis
dūmėtės, dumtis
dumdavausi, dumtis
dumdavaisi, dumtis
dumdavosi, dumtis
dumdavomės, dumtis
dumdavotės, dumtis
dumsiusi, dumtis
dumsisi, dumtis
dumsis, dumtis
dumsimės, dumtis
dumsitės, dumtis
dumčiausi, dumtis
dumtumeisi, dumtis
dumtųsi, dumtis
dumtu(mė)mės, dumtis
dumtu(mė)tės, dumtis
dundėtis, dundėtis
dundžuosi, dundėtis
dundiesi, dundėtis
dundasi, dundėtis
dundamės, dundėtis
dundatės, dundėtis
dundėks, dundėtis
dundėkitės, dundėtis
dundėkimės, dundėtis
dundėjausi, dundėtis
dundėjaisi, dundėtis
dundėjosi, dundėtis
dundėjomės, dundėtis
dundėjotės, dundėtis
dundėdavausi, dundėtis
dundėdavaisi, dundėtis
dundėdavosi, dundėtis
dundėdavomės, dundėtis
dundėdavotės, dundėtis
dundėsiusi, dundėtis
dundėsisi, dundėtis
dundėsis, dundėtis
dundėsimės, dundėtis
dundėsitės, dundėtis
dundėčiausi, dundėtis
dundėtumeisi, dundėtis
dundėtųsi, dundėtis
dundėtu(mė)mės, dundėtis
dundėtu(mė)tės, dundėtis
duotis, duotis
duodžuosi, duotis
duodiesi, duotis
duodasi, duotis
duodamės, duotis
duodatės, duotis
duoks, duotis
duokitės, duotis
duokimės, duotis
daviausi, duotis
daveisi, duotis
davėsi, duotis
davėmės, duotis
davėtės, duotis
duodavausi, duotis
duodavaisi, duotis
duodavosi, duotis
duodavomės, duotis
duodavotės, duotis
duosiusi, duotis
duosisi, duotis
duosis, duotis
duosimės, duotis
duositės, duotis
duočiausi, duotis
duotumeisi, duotis
duotųsi, duotis
duotu(mė)mės, duotis
duotu(mė)tės, duotis
durtis, durtis
duriuosi, durtis
duriesi, durtis
duriasi, durtis
duriamės, durtis
duriatės, durtis
durks, durtis
durkitės, durtis
durkimės, durtis
dūriausi, durtis
dūreisi, durtis
dūrėsi, durtis
dūrėmės, durtis
dūrėtės, durtis
durdavausi, durtis
durdavaisi, durtis
durdavosi, durtis
durdavomės, durtis
durdavotės, durtis
dursiusi, durtis
dursisi, durtis
dursis, durtis
dursimės, durtis
dursitės, durtis
durčiausi, durtis
durtumeisi, durtis
durtųsi, durtis
durtu(mė)mės, durtis
durtu(mė)tės, durtis
dūsautis, dūsautis
dūsaujuosi, dūsautis
dūsaujiesi, dūsautis
dūsaujasi, dūsautis
dūsaujamės, dūsautis
dūsaujatės, dūsautis
dūsauks, dūsautis
dūsaukitės, dūsautis
dūsaukimės, dūsautis
dūsavausi, dūsautis
dūsavaisi, dūsautis
dūsavosi, dūsautis
dūsavomės, dūsautis
dūsavotės, dūsautis
dūsaudavausi, dūsautis
dūsaudavaisi, dūsautis
dūsaudavosi, dūsautis
dūsaudavomės, dūsautis
dūsaudavotės, dūsautis
dūsausiusi, dūsautis
dūsausisi, dūsautis
dūsausis, dūsautis
dūsausimės, dūsautis
dūsausitės, dūsautis
dūsaučiausi, dūsautis
dūsautumeisi, dūsautis
dūsautųsi, dūsautis
dūsautu(mė)mės, dūsautis
dūsautu(mė)tės, dūsautis
dusintis, dusintis
dusinuosi, dusintis
dusiniesi, dusintis
dusinasi, dusintis
dusinamės, dusintis
dusinatės, dusintis
dusinks, dusintis
dusinkitės, dusintis
dusinkimės, dusintis
dusinausi, dusintis
dusinaisi, dusintis
dusinosi, dusintis
dusinomės, dusintis
dusinotės, dusintis
dusindavausi, dusintis
dusindavaisi, dusintis
dusindavosi, dusintis
dusindavomės, dusintis
dusindavotės, dusintis
dusinsiusi, dusintis
dusinsisi, dusintis
dusinsis, dusintis
dusinsimės, dusintis
dusinsitės, dusintis
dusinčiausi, dusintis
dusintumeisi, dusintis
dusintųsi, dusintis
dusintu(mė)mės, dusintis
dusintu(mė)tės, dusintis
dustis, dustis
dūstuosi, dustis
dūstiesi, dustis
dūstasi, dustis
dūstamės, dustis
dūstatės, dustis
dusks, dustis
duskitės, dustis
duskimės, dustis
dusausi, dustis
dusaisi, dustis
dusosi, dustis
dusomės, dustis
dusotės, dustis
dusdavausi, dustis
dusdavaisi, dustis
dusdavosi, dustis
dusdavomės, dustis
dusdavotės, dustis
dusiusi, dustis
dusisi, dustis
dusis, dustis
dusimės, dustis
dusitės, dustis
dusčiausi, dustis
dustumeisi, dustis
dustųsi, dustis
dustu(mė)mės, dustis
dustu(mė)tės, dustis
dvejotis, dvejotis
dvejojuosi, dvejotis
dvejojiesi, dvejotis
dvejojasi, dvejotis
dvejojamės, dvejotis
dvejojatės, dvejotis
dvejoks, dvejotis
dvejokitės, dvejotis
dvejokimės, dvejotis
dvejojausi, dvejotis
dvejojaisi, dvejotis
dvejojosi, dvejotis
dvejojomės, dvejotis
dvejojotės, dvejotis
dvejodavausi, dvejotis
dvejodavaisi, dvejotis
dvejodavosi, dvejotis
dvejodavomės, dvejotis
dvejodavotės, dvejotis
dvejosiusi, dvejotis
dvejosisi, dvejotis
dvejosis, dvejotis
dvejosimės, dvejotis
dvejositės, dvejotis
dvejočiausi, dvejotis
dvejotumeisi, dvejotis
dvejotųsi, dvejotis
dvejotu(mė)mės, dvejotis
dvejotu(mė)tės, dvejotis
dvelktis, dvelktis
dvelkiuosi, dvelktis
dvelkiesi, dvelktis
dvelkiasi, dvelktis
dvelkiamės, dvelktis
dvelkiatės, dvelktis
dvelks, dvelktis
dvelkitės, dvelktis
dvelkimės, dvelktis
dvelkiausi, dvelktis
dvelkeisi, dvelktis
dvelkėsi, dvelktis
dvelkėmės, dvelktis
dvelkėtės, dvelktis
dvelkdavausi, dvelktis
dvelkdavaisi, dvelktis
dvelkdavosi, dvelktis
dvelkdavomės, dvelktis
dvelkdavotės, dvelktis
dvelksiusi, dvelktis
dvelksisi, dvelktis
dvelksis, dvelktis
dvelksimės, dvelktis
dvelksitės, dvelktis
dvelkčiausi, dvelktis
dvelktumeisi, dvelktis
dvelktųsi, dvelktis
dvelktu(mė)mės, dvelktis
dvelktu(mė)tės, dvelktis
dvėstis, dvėstis
dvesiuosi, dvėstis
dvesiesi, dvėstis
dvesiasi, dvėstis
dvesiamės, dvėstis
dvesiatės, dvėstis
dvėsks, dvėstis
dvėskitės, dvėstis
dvėskimės, dvėstis
dvėsiausi, dvėstis
dvėseisi, dvėstis
dvėsėsi, dvėstis
dvėsėmės, dvėstis
dvėsėtės, dvėstis
dvėsdavausi, dvėstis
dvėsdavaisi, dvėstis
dvėsdavosi, dvėstis
dvėsdavomės, dvėstis
dvėsdavotės, dvėstis
dvėsiusi, dvėstis
dvėsisi, dvėstis
dvėsis, dvėstis
dvėsimės, dvėstis
dvėsitės, dvėstis
dvėsčiausi, dvėstis
dvėstumeisi, dvėstis
dvėstųsi, dvėstis
dvėstu(mė)mės, dvėstis
dvėstu(mė)tės, dvėstis
dvigubintis, dvigubintis
dvigubinuosi, dvigubintis
dvigubiniesi, dvigubintis
dvigubinasi, dvigubintis
dvigubinamės, dvigubintis
dvigubinatės, dvigubintis
dvigubinks, dvigubintis
dvigubinkitės, dvigubintis
dvigubinkimės, dvigubintis
dvigubinausi, dvigubintis
dvigubinaisi, dvigubintis
dvigubinosi, dvigubintis
dvigubinomės, dvigubintis
dvigubinotės, dvigubintis
dvigubindavausi, dvigubintis
dvigubindavaisi, dvigubintis
dvigubindavosi, dvigubintis
dvigubindavomės, dvigubintis
dvigubindavotės, dvigubintis
dvigubinsiusi, dvigubintis
dvigubinsisi, dvigubintis
dvigubinsis, dvigubintis
dvigubinsimės, dvigubintis
dvigubinsitės, dvigubintis
dvigubinčiausi, dvigubintis
dvigubintumeisi, dvigubintis
dvigubintųsi, dvigubintis
dvigubintu(mė)mės, dvigubintis
dvigubintu(mė)tės, dvigubintis
dvoktis, dvoktis
dvokiuosi, dvoktis
dvokiesi, dvoktis
dvokiasi, dvoktis
dvokiamės, dvoktis
dvokiatės, dvoktis
dvoks, dvoktis
dvokitės, dvoktis
dvokimės, dvoktis
dvokiausi, dvoktis
dvokeisi, dvoktis
dvokėsi, dvoktis
dvokėmės, dvoktis
dvokėtės, dvoktis
dvokdavausi, dvoktis
dvokdavaisi, dvoktis
dvokdavosi, dvoktis
dvokdavomės, dvoktis
dvokdavotės, dvoktis
dvoksiusi, dvoktis
dvoksisi, dvoktis
dvoksis, dvoktis
dvoksimės, dvoktis
dvoksitės, dvoktis
dvokčiausi, dvoktis
dvoktumeisi, dvoktis
dvoktųsi, dvoktis
dvoktu(mė)mės, dvoktis
dvoktu(mė)tės, dvoktis
dygtis, dygtis
dygstuosi, dygtis
dygstiesi, dygtis
dygstasi, dygtis
dygstamės, dygtis
dygstatės, dygtis
dyks, dygtis
dykitės, dygtis
dykimės, dygtis
dygausi, dygtis
dygaisi, dygtis
dygosi, dygtis
dygomės, dygtis
dygotės, dygtis
dygdavausi, dygtis
dygdavaisi, dygtis
dygdavosi, dygtis
dygdavomės, dygtis
dygdavotės, dygtis
dygsiusi, dygtis
dygsisi, dygtis
dygsis, dygtis
dygsimės, dygtis
dygsitės, dygtis
dygčiausi, dygtis
dygtumeisi, dygtis
dygtųsi, dygtis
dygtu(mė)mės, dygtis
dygtu(mė)tės, dygtis
dykinėtis, dykinėtis
dykinėjuosi, dykinėtis
dykinėjiesi, dykinėtis
dykinėjasi, dykinėtis
dykinėjamės, dykinėtis
dykinėjatės, dykinėtis
dykinėks, dykinėtis
dykinėkitės, dykinėtis
dykinėkimės, dykinėtis
dykinėjausi, dykinėtis
dykinėjaisi, dykinėtis
dykinėjosi, dykinėtis
dykinėjomės, dykinėtis
dykinėjotės, dykinėtis
dykinėdavausi, dykinėtis
dykinėdavaisi, dykinėtis
dykinėdavosi, dykinėtis
dykinėdavomės, dykinėtis
dykinėdavotės, dykinėtis
dykinėsiusi, dykinėtis
dykinėsisi, dykinėtis
dykinėsis, dykinėtis
dykinėsimės, dykinėtis
dykinėsitės, dykinėtis
dykinėčiausi, dykinėtis
dykinėtumeisi, dykinėtis
dykinėtųsi, dykinėtis
dykinėtu(mė)mės, dykinėtis
dykinėtu(mė)tės, dykinėtis
džiautis, džiautis
džiaunuosi, džiautis
džiauniesi, džiautis
džiaunasi, džiautis
džiaunamės, džiautis
džiaunatės, džiautis
džiauks, džiautis
džiaukitės, džiautis
džiaukimės, džiautis
džioviausi, džiautis
džioveisi, džiautis
džiovėsi, džiautis
džiovėmės, džiautis
džiovėtės, džiautis
džiaudavausi, džiautis
džiaudavaisi, džiautis
džiaudavosi, džiautis
džiaudavomės, džiautis
džiaudavotės, džiautis
džiausiusi, džiautis
džiausisi, džiautis
džiausis, džiautis
džiausimės, džiautis
džiausitės, džiautis
džiaučiausi, džiautis
džiautumeisi, džiautis
džiautųsi, džiautis
džiautu(mė)mės, džiautis
džiautu(mė)tės, džiautis
džiovintis, džiovintis
džiovinuosi, džiovintis
džioviniesi, džiovintis
džiovinasi, džiovintis
džiovinamės, džiovintis
džiovinatės, džiovintis
džiovinks, džiovintis
džiovinkitės, džiovintis
džiovinkimės, džiovintis
džiovinausi, džiovintis
džiovinaisi, džiovintis
džiovinosi, džiovintis
džiovinomės, džiovintis
džiovinotės, džiovintis
džiovindavausi, džiovintis
džiovindavaisi, džiovintis
džiovindavosi, džiovintis
džiovindavomės, džiovintis
džiovindavotės, džiovintis
džiovinsiusi, džiovintis
džiovinsisi, džiovintis
džiovinsis, džiovintis
džiovinsimės, džiovintis
džiovinsitės, džiovintis
džiovinčiausi, džiovintis
džiovintumeisi, džiovintis
džiovintųsi, džiovintis
džiovintu(mė)mės, džiovintis
džiovintu(mė)tės, džiovintis
džiūgautis, džiūgautis
džiūgaujuosi, džiūgautis
džiūgaujiesi, džiūgautis
džiūgaujasi, džiūgautis
džiūgaujamės, džiūgautis
džiūgaujatės, džiūgautis
džiūgauks, džiūgautis
džiūgaukitės, džiūgautis
džiūgaukimės, džiūgautis
džiūgavausi, džiūgautis
džiūgavaisi, džiūgautis
džiūgavosi, džiūgautis
džiūgavomės, džiūgautis
džiūgavotės, džiūgautis
džiūgaudavausi, džiūgautis
džiūgaudavaisi, džiūgautis
džiūgaudavosi, džiūgautis
džiūgaudavomės, džiūgautis
džiūgaudavotės, džiūgautis
džiūgausiusi, džiūgautis
džiūgausisi, džiūgautis
džiūgausis, džiūgautis
džiūgausimės, džiūgautis
džiūgausitės, džiūgautis
džiūgaučiausi, džiūgautis
džiūgautumeisi, džiūgautis
džiūgautųsi, džiūgautis
džiūgautu(mė)mės, džiūgautis
džiūgautu(mė)tės, džiūgautis
džiugintis, džiugintis
džiuginuosi, džiugintis
džiuginiesi, džiugintis
džiuginasi, džiugintis
džiuginamės, džiugintis
džiuginatės, džiugintis
džiuginks, džiugintis
džiuginkitės, džiugintis
džiuginkimės, džiugintis
džiuginausi, džiugintis
džiuginaisi, džiugintis
džiuginosi, džiugintis
džiuginomės, džiugintis
džiuginotės, džiugintis
džiugindavausi, džiugintis
džiugindavaisi, džiugintis
džiugindavosi, džiugintis
džiugindavomės, džiugintis
džiugindavotės, džiugintis
džiuginsiusi, džiugintis
džiuginsisi, džiugintis
džiuginsis, džiugintis
džiuginsimės, džiugintis
džiuginsitės, džiugintis
džiuginčiausi, džiugintis
džiugintumeisi, džiugintis
džiugintųsi, džiugintis
džiugintu(mė)mės, džiugintis
džiugintu(mė)tės, džiugintis
džiūtis, džiūtis
džiūstuosi, džiūtis
džiūstiesi, džiūtis
džiūstasi, džiūtis
džiūstamės, džiūtis
džiūstatės, džiūtis
džiūks, džiūtis
džiūkitės, džiūtis
džiūkimės, džiūtis
džiuvausi, džiūtis
džiuvaisi, džiūtis
džiuvosi, džiūtis
džiuvomės, džiūtis
džiuvotės, džiūtis
džiūdavausi, džiūtis
džiūdavaisi, džiūtis
džiūdavosi, džiūtis
džiūdavomės, džiūtis
džiūdavotės, džiūtis
džiūsiusi, džiūtis
džiūsisi, džiūtis
džiūsis, džiūtis
džiūsimės, džiūtis
džiūsitės, džiūtis
džiūčiausi, džiūtis
džiūtumeisi, džiūtis
džiūtųsi, džiūtis
džiūtu(mė)mės, džiūtis
džiūtu(mė)tės, džiūtis
egzistuotis, egzistuotis
egzistuojuosi, egzistuotis
egzistuojiesi, egzistuotis
egzistuojasi, egzistuotis
egzistuojamės, egzistuotis
egzistuojatės, egzistuotis
egzistuoks, egzistuotis
egzistuokitės, egzistuotis
egzistuokimės, egzistuotis
egzistavausi, egzistuotis
egzistavaisi, egzistuotis
egzistavosi, egzistuotis
egzistavomės, egzistuotis
egzistavotės, egzistuotis
egzistuodavausi, egzistuotis
egzistuodavaisi, egzistuotis
egzistuodavosi, egzistuotis
egzistuodavomės, egzistuotis
egzistuodavotės, egzistuotis
egzistuosiusi, egzistuotis
egzistuosisi, egzistuotis
egzistuosis, egzistuotis
egzistuosimės, egzistuotis
egzistuositės, egzistuotis
egzistuočiausi, egzistuotis
egzistuotumeisi, egzistuotis
egzistuotųsi, egzistuotis
egzistuotu(mė)mės, egzistuotis
egzistuotu(mė)tės, egzistuotis
eidinėtis, eidinėtis
eidinėjuosi, eidinėtis
eidinėjiesi, eidinėtis
eidinėjasi, eidinėtis
eidinėjamės, eidinėtis
eidinėjatės, eidinėtis
eidinėks, eidinėtis
eidinėkitės, eidinėtis
eidinėkimės, eidinėtis
eidinėjausi, eidinėtis
eidinėjaisi, eidinėtis
eidinėjosi, eidinėtis
eidinėjomės, eidinėtis
eidinėjotės, eidinėtis
eidinėdavausi, eidinėtis
eidinėdavaisi, eidinėtis
eidinėdavosi, eidinėtis
eidinėdavomės, eidinėtis
eidinėdavotės, eidinėtis
eidinėsiusi, eidinėtis
eidinėsisi, eidinėtis
eidinėsis, eidinėtis
eidinėsimės, eidinėtis
eidinėsitės, eidinėtis
eidinėčiausi, eidinėtis
eidinėtumeisi, eidinėtis
eidinėtųsi, eidinėtis
eidinėtu(mė)mės, eidinėtis
eidinėtu(mė)tės, eidinėtis
eikvotis, eikvotis
eikvojuosi, eikvotis
eikvojiesi, eikvotis
eikvojasi, eikvotis
eikvojamės, eikvotis
eikvojatės, eikvotis
eikvoks, eikvotis
eikvokitės, eikvotis
eikvokimės, eikvotis
eikvojausi, eikvotis
eikvojaisi, eikvotis
eikvojosi, eikvotis
eikvojomės, eikvotis
eikvojotės, eikvotis
eikvodavausi, eikvotis
eikvodavaisi, eikvotis
eikvodavosi, eikvotis
eikvodavomės, eikvotis
eikvodavotės, eikvotis
eikvosiusi, eikvotis
eikvosisi, eikvotis
eikvosis, eikvotis
eikvosimės, eikvotis
eikvositės, eikvotis
eikvočiausi, eikvotis
eikvotumeisi, eikvotis
eikvotųsi, eikvotis
eikvotu(mė)mės, eikvotis
eikvotu(mė)tės, eikvotis
eiliuotis, eiliuotis
eiliuojuosi, eiliuotis
eiliuojiesi, eiliuotis
eiliuojasi, eiliuotis
eiliuojamės, eiliuotis
eiliuojatės, eiliuotis
eiliuoks, eiliuotis
eiliuokitės, eiliuotis
eiliuokimės, eiliuotis
eiliavausi, eiliuotis
eiliavaisi, eiliuotis
eiliavosi, eiliuotis
eiliavomės, eiliuotis
eiliavotės, eiliuotis
eiliuodavausi, eiliuotis
eiliuodavaisi, eiliuotis
eiliuodavosi, eiliuotis
eiliuodavomės, eiliuotis
eiliuodavotės, eiliuotis
eiliuosiusi, eiliuotis
eiliuosisi, eiliuotis
eiliuosis, eiliuotis
eiliuosimės, eiliuotis
eiliuositės, eiliuotis
eiliuočiausi, eiliuotis
eiliuotumeisi, eiliuotis
eiliuotųsi, eiliuotis
eiliuotu(mė)mės, eiliuotis
eiliuotu(mė)tės, eiliuotis
eitis, eitis
einuosi, eitis
einiesi, eitis
einasi, eitis
einamės, eitis
einatės, eitis
eiks, eitis
eikitės, eitis
eikimės, eitis
ėjausi, eitis
ėjaisi, eitis
ėjosi, eitis
ėjomės, eitis
ėjotės, eitis
eidavausi, eitis
eidavaisi, eitis
eidavosi, eitis
eidavomės, eitis
eidavotės, eitis
eisiusi, eitis
eisisi, eitis
eisis, eitis
eisimės, eitis
eisitės, eitis
eičiausi, eitis
eitumeisi, eitis
eitųsi, eitis
eitu(mė)mės, eitis
eitu(mė)tės, eitis
eksperimentuotis, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuojuosi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuojiesi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuojasi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuojamės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuojatės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuoks, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuokitės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuokimės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentavausi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentavaisi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentavosi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentavomės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentavotės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuodavausi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuodavaisi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuodavosi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuodavomės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuodavotės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuosiusi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuosisi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuosis, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuosimės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuositės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuočiausi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuotumeisi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuotųsi, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuotu(mė)mės, eksperimentuotis
eksperimentuotu(mė)tės, eksperimentuotis
ekzaminuotis, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuojuosi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuojiesi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuojasi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuojamės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuojatės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuoks, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuokitės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuokimės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminavausi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminavaisi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminavosi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminavomės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminavotės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuodavausi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuodavaisi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuodavosi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuodavomės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuodavotės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuosiusi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuosisi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuosis, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuosimės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuositės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuočiausi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuotumeisi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuotųsi, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuotu(mė)mės, ekzaminuotis
ekzaminuotu(mė)tės, ekzaminuotis
ekzistuotis, ekzistuotis
ekzistuojuosi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuojiesi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuojasi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuojamės, ekzistuotis
ekzistuojatės, ekzistuotis
ekzistuoks, ekzistuotis
ekzistuokitės, ekzistuotis
ekzistuokimės, ekzistuotis
ekzistavausi, ekzistuotis
ekzistavaisi, ekzistuotis
ekzistavosi, ekzistuotis
ekzistavomės, ekzistuotis
ekzistavotės, ekzistuotis
ekzistuodavausi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuodavaisi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuodavosi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuodavomės, ekzistuotis
ekzistuodavotės, ekzistuotis
ekzistuosiusi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuosisi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuosis, ekzistuotis
ekzistuosimės, ekzistuotis
ekzistuositės, ekzistuotis
ekzistuočiausi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuotumeisi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuotųsi, ekzistuotis
ekzistuotu(mė)mės, ekzistuotis
ekzistuotu(mė)tės, ekzistuotis
elektrifikuotis, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuojuosi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuojiesi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuojasi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuojamės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuojatės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuoks, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuokitės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuokimės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikavausi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikavaisi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikavosi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikavomės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikavotės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuodavausi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuodavaisi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuodavosi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuodavomės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuodavotės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuosiusi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuosisi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuosis, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuosimės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuositės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuočiausi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuotumeisi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuotųsi, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuotu(mė)mės, elektrifikuotis
elektrifikuotu(mė)tės, elektrifikuotis
elgegautis, elgegautis
elgetaujuosi, elgegautis
elgetaujiesi, elgegautis
elgetaujasi, elgegautis
elgetaujamės, elgegautis
elgetaujatės, elgegautis
elgegauks, elgegautis
elgegaukitės, elgegautis
elgegaukimės, elgegautis
elgetavausi, elgegautis
elgetavaisi, elgegautis
elgetavosi, elgegautis
elgetavomės, elgegautis
elgetavotės, elgegautis
elgegaudavausi, elgegautis
elgegaudavaisi, elgegautis
elgegaudavosi, elgegautis
elgegaudavomės, elgegautis
elgegaudavotės, elgegautis
elgegausiusi, elgegautis
elgegausisi, elgegautis
elgegausis, elgegautis
elgegausimės, elgegautis
elgegausitės, elgegautis
elgegaučiausi, elgegautis
elgegautumeisi, elgegautis
elgegautųsi, elgegautis
elgegautu(mė)mės, elgegautis
elgegautu(mė)tės, elgegautis
elgetautis, elgetautis
elgetaujuosi, elgetautis
elgetaujiesi, elgetautis
elgetaujasi, elgetautis
elgetaujamės, elgetautis
elgetaujatės, elgetautis
elgetauks, elgetautis
elgetaukitės, elgetautis
elgetaukimės, elgetautis
elgetavausi, elgetautis
elgetavaisi, elgetautis
elgetavosi, elgetautis
elgetavomės, elgetautis
elgetavotės, elgetautis
elgetaudavausi, elgetautis
elgetaudavaisi, elgetautis
elgetaudavosi, elgetautis
elgetaudavomės, elgetautis
elgetaudavotės, elgetautis
elgetausiusi, elgetautis
elgetausisi, elgetautis
elgetausis, elgetautis
elgetausimės, elgetautis
elgetausitės, elgetautis
elgetaučiausi, elgetautis
elgetautumeisi, elgetautis
elgetautųsi, elgetautis
elgetautu(mė)mės, elgetautis
elgetautu(mė)tės, elgetautis
ėmėtis, ėmėtis
ėmėjuosi, ėmėtis
ėmėjiesi, ėmėtis
ėmėjasi, ėmėtis
ėmėjamės, ėmėtis
ėmėjatės, ėmėtis
ėmėks, ėmėtis
ėmėkitės, ėmėtis
ėmėkimės, ėmėtis
ėmėjausi, ėmėtis
ėmėjaisi, ėmėtis
ėmėjosi, ėmėtis
ėmėjomės, ėmėtis
ėmėjotės, ėmėtis
ėmėdavausi, ėmėtis
ėmėdavaisi, ėmėtis
ėmėdavosi, ėmėtis
ėmėdavomės, ėmėtis
ėmėdavotės, ėmėtis
ėmėsiusi, ėmėtis
ėmėsisi, ėmėtis
ėmėsis, ėmėtis
ėmėsimės, ėmėtis
ėmėsitės, ėmėtis
ėmėčiausi, ėmėtis
ėmėtumeisi, ėmėtis
ėmėtųsi, ėmėtis
ėmėtu(mė)mės, ėmėtis
ėmėtu(mė)tės, ėmėtis
emigruotis, emigruotis
emigruojuosi, emigruotis
emigruojiesi, emigruotis
emigruojasi, emigruotis
emigruojamės, emigruotis
emigruojatės, emigruotis
emigruoks, emigruotis
emigruokitės, emigruotis
emigruokimės, emigruotis
emigravausi, emigruotis
emigravaisi, emigruotis
emigravosi, emigruotis
emigravomės, emigruotis
emigravotės, emigruotis
emigruodavausi, emigruotis
emigruodavaisi, emigruotis
emigruodavosi, emigruotis
emigruodavomės, emigruotis
emigruodavotės, emigruotis
emigruosiusi, emigruotis
emigruosisi, emigruotis
emigruosis, emigruotis
emigruosimės, emigruotis
emigruositės, emigruotis
emigruočiausi, emigruotis
emigruotumeisi, emigruotis
emigruotųsi, emigruotis
emigruotu(mė)mės, emigruotis
emigruotu(mė)tės, emigruotis
emuliuotis, emuliuotis
emuliuojuosi, emuliuotis
emuliuojiesi, emuliuotis
emuliuojasi, emuliuotis
emuliuojamės, emuliuotis
emuliuojatės, emuliuotis
emuliuoks, emuliuotis
emuliuokitės, emuliuotis
emuliuokimės, emuliuotis
emuliavausi, emuliuotis
emuliavaisi, emuliuotis
emuliavosi, emuliuotis
emuliavomės, emuliuotis
emuliavotės, emuliuotis
emuliuodavausi, emuliuotis
emuliuodavaisi, emuliuotis
emuliuodavosi, emuliuotis
emuliuodavomės, emuliuotis
emuliuodavotės, emuliuotis
emuliuosiusi, emuliuotis
emuliuosisi, emuliuotis
emuliuosis, emuliuotis
emuliuosimės, emuliuotis
emuliuositės, emuliuotis
emuliuočiausi, emuliuotis
emuliuotumeisi, emuliuotis
emuliuotųsi, emuliuotis
emuliuotu(mė)mės, emuliuotis
emuliuotu(mė)tės, emuliuotis
engtis, engtis
engiuosi, engtis
engiesi, engtis
engiasi, engtis
engiamės, engtis
engiatės, engtis
enks, engtis
enkitės, engtis
enkimės, engtis
engiausi, engtis
engeisi, engtis
engėsi, engtis
engėmės, engtis
engėtės, engtis
engdavausi, engtis
engdavaisi, engtis
engdavosi, engtis
engdavomės, engtis
engdavotės, engtis
engsiusi, engtis
engsisi, engtis
engsis, engtis
engsimės, engtis
engsitės, engtis
engčiausi, engtis
engtumeisi, engtis
engtųsi, engtis
engtu(mė)mės, engtis
engtu(mė)tės, engtis
erzintis, erzintis
erzinuosi, erzintis
erziniesi, erzintis
erzinasi, erzintis
erzinamės, erzintis
erzinatės, erzintis
erzinks, erzintis
erzinkitės, erzintis
erzinkimės, erzintis
erzinausi, erzintis
erzinaisi, erzintis
erzinosi, erzintis
erzinomės, erzintis
erzinotės, erzintis
erzindavausi, erzintis
erzindavaisi, erzintis
erzindavosi, erzintis
erzindavomės, erzintis
erzindavotės, erzintis
erzinsiusi, erzintis
erzinsisi, erzintis
erzinsis, erzintis
erzinsimės, erzintis
erzinsitės, erzintis
erzinčiausi, erzintis
erzintumeisi, erzintis
erzintųsi, erzintis
erzintu(mė)mės, erzintis
erzintu(mė)tės, erzintis
ėstis, ėstis
ėdžuosi, ėstis
ėdiesi, ėstis
ėdasi, ėstis
ėdamės, ėstis
ėdatės, ėstis
ėsks, ėstis
ėskitės, ėstis
ėskimės, ėstis
ėdeisi, ėstis
ėdėsi, ėstis
ėdėmės, ėstis
ėdėtės, ėstis
ėsdavausi, ėstis
ėsdavaisi, ėstis
ėsdavosi, ėstis
ėsdavomės, ėstis
ėsdavotės, ėstis
ėsiusi, ėstis
ėsisi, ėstis
ėsis, ėstis
ėsimės, ėstis
ėsitės, ėstis
ėsčiausi, ėstis
ėstumeisi, ėstis
ėstųsi, ėstis
ėstu(mė)mės, ėstis
ėstu(mė)tės, ėstis
evakuotis, evakuotis
evakuojuosi, evakuotis
evakuojiesi, evakuotis
evakuojasi, evakuotis
evakuojamės, evakuotis
evakuojatės, evakuotis
evakuoks, evakuotis
evakuokitės, evakuotis
evakuokimės, evakuotis
evakavausi, evakuotis
evakavaisi, evakuotis
evakavosi, evakuotis
evakavomės, evakuotis
evakavotės, evakuotis
evakuodavausi, evakuotis
evakuodavaisi, evakuotis
evakuodavosi, evakuotis
evakuodavomės, evakuotis
evakuodavotės, evakuotis
evakuosiusi, evakuotis
evakuosisi, evakuotis
evakuosis, evakuotis
evakuosimės, evakuotis
evakuositės, evakuotis
evakuočiausi, evakuotis
evakuotumeisi, evakuotis
evakuotųsi, evakuotis
evakuotu(mė)mės, evakuotis
evakuotu(mė)tės, evakuotis
fantazuotis, fantazuotis
fantazuojuosi, fantazuotis
fantazuojiesi, fantazuotis
fantazuojasi, fantazuotis
fantazuojamės, fantazuotis
fantazuojatės, fantazuotis
fantazuoks, fantazuotis
fantazuokitės, fantazuotis
fantazuokimės, fantazuotis
fantazavausi, fantazuotis
fantazavaisi, fantazuotis
fantazavosi, fantazuotis
fantazavomės, fantazuotis
fantazavotės, fantazuotis
fantazuodavausi, fantazuotis
fantazuodavaisi, fantazuotis
fantazuodavosi, fantazuotis
fantazuodavomės, fantazuotis
fantazuodavotės, fantazuotis
fantazuosiusi, fantazuotis
fantazuosisi, fantazuotis
fantazuosis, fantazuotis
fantazuosimės, fantazuotis
fantazuositės, fantazuotis
fantazuočiausi, fantazuotis
fantazuotumeisi, fantazuotis
fantazuotųsi, fantazuotis
fantazuotu(mė)mės, fantazuotis
fantazuotu(mė)tės, fantazuotis
figūruotis, figūruotis
figūruojuosi, figūruotis
figūruojiesi, figūruotis
figūruojasi, figūruotis
figūruojamės, figūruotis
figūruojatės, figūruotis
figūruoks, figūruotis
figūruokitės, figūruotis
figūruokimės, figūruotis
figūravausi, figūruotis
figūravaisi, figūruotis
figūravosi, figūruotis
figūravomės, figūruotis
figūravotės, figūruotis
figūruodavausi, figūruotis
figūruodavaisi, figūruotis
figūruodavosi, figūruotis
figūruodavomės, figūruotis
figūruodavotės, figūruotis
figūruosiusi, figūruotis
figūruosisi, figūruotis
figūruosis, figūruotis
figūruosimės, figūruotis
figūruositės, figūruotis
figūruočiausi, figūruotis
figūruotumeisi, figūruotis
figūruotųsi, figūruotis
figūruotu(mė)mės, figūruotis
figūruotu(mė)tės, figūruotis
filmuotis, filmuotis
filmuojuosi, filmuotis
filmuojiesi, filmuotis
filmuojasi, filmuotis
filmuojamės, filmuotis
filmuojatės, filmuotis
filmuoks, filmuotis
filmuokitės, filmuotis
filmuokimės, filmuotis
filmavausi, filmuotis
filmavaisi, filmuotis
filmavosi, filmuotis
filmavomės, filmuotis
filmavotės, filmuotis
filmuodavausi, filmuotis
filmuodavaisi, filmuotis
filmuodavosi, filmuotis
filmuodavomės, filmuotis
filmuodavotės, filmuotis
filmuosiusi, filmuotis
filmuosisi, filmuotis
filmuosis, filmuotis
filmuosimės, filmuotis
filmuositės, filmuotis
filmuočiausi, filmuotis
filmuotumeisi, filmuotis
filmuotųsi, filmuotis
filmuotu(mė)mės, filmuotis
filmuotu(mė)tės, filmuotis
filosofuotis, filosofuotis
filosofuojuosi, filosofuotis
filosofuojiesi, filosofuotis
filosofuojasi, filosofuotis
filosofuojamės, filosofuotis
filosofuojatės, filosofuotis
filosofuoks, filosofuotis
filosofuokitės, filosofuotis
filosofuokimės, filosofuotis
filosofavausi, filosofuotis
filosofavaisi, filosofuotis
filosofavosi, filosofuotis
filosofavomės, filosofuotis
filosofavotės, filosofuotis
filosofuodavausi, filosofuotis
filosofuodavaisi, filosofuotis
filosofuodavosi, filosofuotis
filosofuodavomės, filosofuotis
filosofuodavotės, filosofuotis
filosofuosiusi, filosofuotis
filosofuosisi, filosofuotis
filosofuosis, filosofuotis
filosofuosimės, filosofuotis
filosofuositės, filosofuotis
filosofuočiausi, filosofuotis
filosofuotumeisi, filosofuotis
filosofuotųsi, filosofuotis
filosofuotu(mė)mės, filosofuotis
filosofuotu(mė)tės, filosofuotis
finansuotis, finansuotis
finansuojuosi, finansuotis
finansuojiesi, finansuotis
finansuojasi, finansuotis
finansuojamės, finansuotis
finansuojatės, finansuotis
finansuoks, finansuotis
finansuokitės, finansuotis
finansuokimės, finansuotis
finansavausi, finansuotis
finansavaisi, finansuotis
finansavosi, finansuotis
finansavomės, finansuotis
finansavotės, finansuotis
finansuodavausi, finansuotis
finansuodavaisi, finansuotis
finansuodavosi, finansuotis
finansuodavomės, finansuotis
finansuodavotės, finansuotis
finansuosiusi, finansuotis
finansuosisi, finansuotis
finansuosis, finansuotis
finansuosimės, finansuotis
finansuositės, finansuotis
finansuočiausi, finansuotis
finansuotumeisi, finansuotis
finansuotųsi, finansuotis
finansuotu(mė)mės, finansuotis
finansuotu(mė)tės, finansuotis
flirtuotis, flirtuotis
flirtuojuosi, flirtuotis
flirtuojiesi, flirtuotis
flirtuojasi, flirtuotis
flirtuojamės, flirtuotis
flirtuojatės, flirtuotis
flirtuoks, flirtuotis
flirtuokitės, flirtuotis
flirtuokimės, flirtuotis
flirtavausi, flirtuotis
flirtavaisi, flirtuotis
flirtavosi, flirtuotis
flirtavomės, flirtuotis
flirtavotės, flirtuotis
flirtuodavausi, flirtuotis
flirtuodavaisi, flirtuotis
flirtuodavosi, flirtuotis
flirtuodavomės, flirtuotis
flirtuodavotės, flirtuotis
flirtuosiusi, flirtuotis
flirtuosisi, flirtuotis
flirtuosis, flirtuotis
flirtuosimės, flirtuotis
flirtuositės, flirtuotis
flirtuočiausi, flirtuotis
flirtuotumeisi, flirtuotis
flirtuotųsi, flirtuotis
flirtuotu(mė)mės, flirtuotis
flirtuotu(mė)tės, flirtuotis
fokusuotis, fokusuotis
fokusuojuosi, fokusuotis
fokusuojiesi, fokusuotis
fokusuojasi, fokusuotis
fokusuojamės, fokusuotis
fokusuojatės, fokusuotis
fokusuoks, fokusuotis
fokusuokitės, fokusuotis
fokusuokimės, fokusuotis
fokusavausi, fokusuotis
fokusavaisi, fokusuotis
fokusavosi, fokusuotis
fokusavomės, fokusuotis
fokusavotės, fokusuotis
fokusuodavausi, fokusuotis
fokusuodavaisi, fokusuotis
fokusuodavosi, fokusuotis
fokusuodavomės, fokusuotis
fokusuodavotės, fokusuotis
fokusuosiusi, fokusuotis
fokusuosisi, fokusuotis
fokusuosis, fokusuotis
fokusuosimės, fokusuotis
fokusuositės, fokusuotis
fokusuočiausi, fokusuotis
fokusuotumeisi, fokusuotis
fokusuotųsi, fokusuotis
fokusuotu(mė)mės, fokusuotis
fokusuotu(mė)tės, fokusuotis
formintis, formintis
forminuosi, formintis
forminiesi, formintis
forminasi, formintis
forminamės, formintis
forminatės, formintis
forminks, formintis
forminkitės, formintis
forminkimės, formintis
forminausi, formintis
forminaisi, formintis
forminosi, formintis
forminomės, formintis
forminotės, formintis
formindavausi, formintis
formindavaisi, formintis
formindavosi, formintis
formindavomės, formintis
formindavotės, formintis
forminsiusi, formintis
forminsisi, formintis
forminsis, formintis
forminsimės, formintis
forminsitės, formintis
forminčiausi, formintis
formintumeisi, formintis
formintųsi, formintis
formintu(mė)mės, formintis
formintu(mė)tės, formintis
formuotis, formuotis
formuojuosi, formuotis
formuojiesi, formuotis
formuojasi, formuotis
formuojamės, formuotis
formuojatės, formuotis
formuoks, formuotis
formuokitės, formuotis
formuokimės, formuotis
formavausi, formuotis
formavaisi, formuotis
formavosi, formuotis
formavomės, formuotis
formavotės, formuotis
formuodavausi, formuotis
formuodavaisi, formuotis
formuodavosi, formuotis
formuodavomės, formuotis
formuodavotės, formuotis
formuosiusi, formuotis
formuosisi, formuotis
formuosis, formuotis
formuosimės, formuotis
formuositės, formuotis
formuočiausi, formuotis
formuotumeisi, formuotis
formuotųsi, formuotis
formuotu(mė)mės, formuotis
formuotu(mė)tės, formuotis
fotografuotis, fotografuotis
fotografuojuosi, fotografuotis
fotografuojiesi, fotografuotis
fotografuojasi, fotografuotis
fotografuojamės, fotografuotis
fotografuojatės, fotografuotis
fotografuoks, fotografuotis
fotografuokitės, fotografuotis
fotografuokimės, fotografuotis
fotografavausi, fotografuotis
fotografavaisi, fotografuotis
fotografavosi, fotografuotis
fotografavomės, fotografuotis
fotografavotės, fotografuotis
fotografuodavausi, fotografuotis
fotografuodavaisi, fotografuotis
fotografuodavosi, fotografuotis
fotografuodavomės, fotografuotis
fotografuodavotės, fotografuotis
fotografuosiusi, fotografuotis
fotografuosisi, fotografuotis
fotografuosis, fotografuotis
fotografuosimės, fotografuotis
fotografuositės, fotografuotis
fotografuočiausi, fotografuotis
fotografuotumeisi, fotografuotis
fotografuotųsi, fotografuotis
fotografuotu(mė)mės, fotografuotis
fotografuotu(mė)tės, fotografuotis
funkcionuotis, funkcionuotis
funkcionuojuosi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuojiesi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuojasi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuojamės, funkcionuotis
funkcionuojatės, funkcionuotis
funkcionuoks, funkcionuotis
funkcionuokitės, funkcionuotis
funkcionuokimės, funkcionuotis
funkcionavausi, funkcionuotis
funkcionavaisi, funkcionuotis
funkcionavosi, funkcionuotis
funkcionavomės, funkcionuotis
funkcionavotės, funkcionuotis
funkcionuodavausi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuodavaisi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuodavosi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuodavomės, funkcionuotis
funkcionuodavotės, funkcionuotis
funkcionuosiusi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuosisi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuosis, funkcionuotis
funkcionuosimės, funkcionuotis
funkcionuositės, funkcionuotis
funkcionuočiausi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuotumeisi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuotųsi, funkcionuotis
funkcionuotu(mė)mės, funkcionuotis
funkcionuotu(mė)tės, funkcionuotis
gabentis, gabentis
gabenuosi, gabentis
gabeniesi, gabentis
gabenasi, gabentis
gabenamės, gabentis
gabenatės, gabentis
gabenks, gabentis
gabenkitės, gabentis
gabenkimės, gabentis
gabenausi, gabentis
gabenaisi, gabentis
gabenosi, gabentis
gabenomės, gabentis
gabenotės, gabentis
gabendavausi, gabentis
gabendavaisi, gabentis
gabendavosi, gabentis
gabendavomės, gabentis
gabendavotės, gabentis
gabensiusi, gabentis
gabensisi, gabentis
gabensis, gabentis
gabensimės, gabentis
gabensitės, gabentis
gabenčiausi, gabentis
gabentumeisi, gabentis
gabentųsi, gabentis
gabentu(mė)mės, gabentis
gabentu(mė)tės, gabentis
gadintis, gadintis
gadinuosi, gadintis
gadiniesi, gadintis
gadinasi, gadintis
gadinamės, gadintis
gadinatės, gadintis
gadinks, gadintis
gadinkitės, gadintis
gadinkimės, gadintis
gadinausi, gadintis
gadinaisi, gadintis
gadinosi, gadintis
gadinomės, gadintis
gadinotės, gadintis
gadindavausi, gadintis
gadindavaisi, gadintis
gadindavosi, gadintis
gadindavomės, gadintis
gadindavotės, gadintis
gadinsiusi, gadintis
gadinsisi, gadintis
gadinsis, gadintis
gadinsimės, gadintis
gadinsitės, gadintis
gadinčiausi, gadintis
gadintumeisi, gadintis
gadintųsi, gadintis
gadintu(mė)mės, gadintis
gadintu(mė)tės, gadintis
gagėtis, gagėtis
gaguosi, gagėtis
gagiesi, gagėtis
gagasi, gagėtis
gagamės, gagėtis
gagatės, gagėtis
gagėks, gagėtis
gagėkitės, gagėtis
gagėkimės, gagėtis
gagėjausi, gagėtis
gagėjaisi, gagėtis
gagėjosi, gagėtis
gagėjomės, gagėtis
gagėjotės, gagėtis
gagėdavausi, gagėtis
gagėdavaisi, gagėtis
gagėdavosi, gagėtis
gagėdavomės, gagėtis
gagėdavotės, gagėtis
gagėsiusi, gagėtis
gagėsisi, gagėtis
gagėsis, gagėtis
gagėsimės, gagėtis
gagėsitės, gagėtis
gagėčiausi, gagėtis
gagėtumeisi, gagėtis
gagėtųsi, gagėtis
gagėtu(mė)mės, gagėtis
gagėtu(mė)tės, gagėtis
gailėtis, gailėtis
gailiusi, gailėtis
gailisi, gailėtis
gailisi, gailėtis
gailimės, gailėtis
gailitės, gailėtis
gailėks, gailėtis
gailėkitės, gailėtis
gailėkimės, gailėtis
gailėjausi, gailėtis
gailėjaisi, gailėtis
gailėjosi, gailėtis
gailėjomės, gailėtis
gailėjotės, gailėtis
gailėdavausi, gailėtis
gailėdavaisi, gailėtis
gailėdavosi, gailėtis
gailėdavomės, gailėtis
gailėdavotės, gailėtis
gailėsiusi, gailėtis
gailėsisi, gailėtis
gailėsis, gailėtis
gailėsimės, gailėtis
gailėsitės, gailėtis
gailėčiausi, gailėtis
gailėtumeisi, gailėtis
gailėtųsi, gailėtis
gailėtu(mė)mės, gailėtis
gailėtu(mė)tės, gailėtis
gaištis, gaištis
gaištuosi, gaištis
gaištiesi, gaištis
gaištasi, gaištis
gaištamės, gaištis
gaištatės, gaištis
gaišks, gaištis
gaiškitės, gaištis
gaiškimės, gaištis
gaišausi, gaištis
gaišaisi, gaištis
gaišosi, gaištis
gaišomės, gaištis
gaišotės, gaištis
gaišdavausi, gaištis
gaišdavaisi, gaištis
gaišdavosi, gaištis
gaišdavomės, gaištis
gaišdavotės, gaištis
gaiššiusi, gaištis
gaiššisi, gaištis
gaiššis, gaištis
gaiššimės, gaištis
gaiššitės, gaištis
gaiščiausi, gaištis
gaištumeisi, gaištis
gaištųsi, gaištis
gaištu(mė)mės, gaištis
gaištu(mė)tės, gaištis
gaivintis, gaivintis
gaivinuosi, gaivintis
gaiviniesi, gaivintis
gaivinasi, gaivintis
gaivinamės, gaivintis
gaivinatės, gaivintis
gaivinks, gaivintis
gaivinkitės, gaivintis
gaivinkimės, gaivintis
gaivinausi, gaivintis
gaivinaisi, gaivintis
gaivinosi, gaivintis
gaivinomės, gaivintis
gaivinotės, gaivintis
gaivindavausi, gaivintis
gaivindavaisi, gaivintis
gaivindavosi, gaivintis
gaivindavomės, gaivintis
gaivindavotės, gaivintis
gaivinsiusi, gaivintis
gaivinsisi, gaivintis
gaivinsis, gaivintis
gaivinsimės, gaivintis
gaivinsitės, gaivintis
gaivinčiausi, gaivintis
gaivintumeisi, gaivintis
gaivintųsi, gaivintis
gaivintu(mė)mės, gaivintis
gaivintu(mė)tės, gaivintis
galąstis, galąstis
galandžuosi, galąstis
galandiesi, galąstis
galandasi, galąstis
galandamės, galąstis
galandatės, galąstis
galąsks, galąstis
galąskitės, galąstis
galąskimės, galąstis
galandausi, galąstis
galandaisi, galąstis
galandosi, galąstis
galandomės, galąstis
galandotės, galąstis
galąsdavausi, galąstis
galąsdavaisi, galąstis
galąsdavosi, galąstis
galąsdavomės, galąstis
galąsdavotės, galąstis
galąsiusi, galąstis
galąsisi, galąstis
galąsis, galąstis
galąsimės, galąstis
galąsitės, galąstis
galąsčiausi, galąstis
galąstumeisi, galąstis
galąstųsi, galąstis
galąstu(mė)mės, galąstis
galąstu(mė)tės, galąstis
galėtis, galėtis
galiusi, galėtis
galisi, galėtis
galisi, galėtis
galimės, galėtis
galitės, galėtis
galėks, galėtis
galėkitės, galėtis
galėkimės, galėtis
galėjausi, galėtis
galėjaisi, galėtis
galėjosi, galėtis
galėjomės, galėtis
galėjotės, galėtis
galėdavausi, galėtis
galėdavaisi, galėtis
galėdavosi, galėtis
galėdavomės, galėtis
galėdavotės, galėtis
galėsiusi, galėtis
galėsisi, galėtis
galėsis, galėtis
galėsimės, galėtis
galėsitės, galėtis
galėčiausi, galėtis
galėtumeisi, galėtis
galėtųsi, galėtis
galėtu(mė)mės, galėtis
galėtu(mė)tės, galėtis
galiotis, galiotis
galiojuosi, galiotis
galiojiesi, galiotis
galiojasi, galiotis
galiojamės, galiotis
galiojatės, galiotis
galioks, galiotis
galiokitės, galiotis
galiokimės, galiotis
galiojausi, galiotis
galiojaisi, galiotis
galiojosi, galiotis
galiojomės, galiotis
galiojotės, galiotis
galiodavausi, galiotis
galiodavaisi, galiotis
galiodavosi, galiotis
galiodavomės, galiotis
galiodavotės, galiotis
galiosiusi, galiotis
galiosisi, galiotis
galiosis, galiotis
galiosimės, galiotis
galiositės, galiotis
galiočiausi, galiotis
galiotumeisi, galiotis
galiotųsi, galiotis
galiotu(mė)mės, galiotis
galiotu(mė)tės, galiotis
galvotis, galvotis
galvojuosi, galvotis
galvojiesi, galvotis
galvojasi, galvotis
galvojamės, galvotis
galvojatės, galvotis
galvoks, galvotis
galvokitės, galvotis
galvokimės, galvotis
galvojausi, galvotis
galvojaisi, galvotis
galvojosi, galvotis
galvojomės, galvotis
galvojotės, galvotis
galvodavausi, galvotis
galvodavaisi, galvotis
galvodavosi, galvotis
galvodavomės, galvotis
galvodavotės, galvotis
galvosiusi, galvotis
galvosisi, galvotis
galvosis, galvotis
galvosimės, galvotis
galvositės, galvotis
galvočiausi, galvotis
galvotumeisi, galvotis
galvotųsi, galvotis
galvotu(mė)mės, galvotis
galvotu(mė)tės, galvotis
gamintis, gamintis
gaminuosi, gamintis
gaminiesi, gamintis
gaminasi, gamintis
gaminamės, gamintis
gaminatės, gamintis
gaminks, gamintis
gaminkitės, gamintis
gaminkimės, gamintis
gaminausi, gamintis
gaminaisi, gamintis
gaminosi, gamintis
gaminomės, gamintis
gaminotės, gamintis
gamindavausi, gamintis
gamindavaisi, gamintis
gamindavosi, gamintis
gamindavomės, gamintis
gamindavotės, gamintis
gaminsiusi, gamintis
gaminsisi, gamintis
gaminsis, gamintis
gaminsimės, gamintis
gaminsitės, gamintis
gaminčiausi, gamintis
gamintumeisi, gamintis
gamintųsi, gamintis
gamintu(mė)mės, gamintis
gamintu(mė)tės, gamintis
ganytis, ganytis
ganausi, ganytis
ganaisi, ganytis
ganosi, ganytis
ganomės, ganytis
ganotės, ganytis
ganyks, ganytis
ganykitės, ganytis
ganykimės, ganytis
ganiausi, ganytis
ganeisi, ganytis
ganėsi, ganytis
ganėmės, ganytis
ganėtės, ganytis
ganydavausi, ganytis
ganydavaisi, ganytis
ganydavosi, ganytis
ganydavomės, ganytis
ganydavotės, ganytis
ganysiusi, ganytis
ganysisi, ganytis
ganysis, ganytis
ganysimės, ganytis
ganysitės, ganytis
ganyčiausi, ganytis
ganytumeisi, ganytis
ganytųsi, ganytis
ganytu(mė)mės, ganytis
ganytu(mė)tės, ganytis
garantuotis, garantuotis
garantuojuosi, garantuotis
garantuojiesi, garantuotis
garantuojasi, garantuotis
garantuojamės, garantuotis
garantuojatės, garantuotis
garantuoks, garantuotis
garantuokitės, garantuotis
garantuokimės, garantuotis
garantavausi, garantuotis
garantavaisi, garantuotis
garantavosi, garantuotis
garantavomės, garantuotis
garantavotės, garantuotis
garantuodavausi, garantuotis
garantuodavaisi, garantuotis
garantuodavosi, garantuotis
garantuodavomės, garantuotis
garantuodavotės, garantuotis
garantuosiusi, garantuotis
garantuosisi, garantuotis
garantuosis, garantuotis
garantuosimės, garantuotis
garantuositės, garantuotis
garantuočiausi, garantuotis
garantuotumeisi, garantuotis
garantuotųsi, garantuotis
garantuotu(mė)mės, garantuotis
garantuotu(mė)tės, garantuotis
garbanotis, garbanotis
garbanojuosi, garbanotis
garbanojiesi, garbanotis
garbanojasi, garbanotis
garbanojamės, garbanotis
garbanojatės, garbanotis
garbanoks, garbanotis
garbanokitės, garbanotis
garbanokimės, garbanotis
garbanojausi, garbanotis
garbanojaisi, garbanotis
garbanojosi, garbanotis
garbanojomės, garbanotis
garbanojotės, garbanotis
garbanodavausi, garbanotis
garbanodavaisi, garbanotis
garbanodavosi, garbanotis
garbanodavomės, garbanotis
garbanodavotės, garbanotis
garbanosiusi, garbanotis
garbanosisi, garbanotis
garbanosis, garbanotis
garbanosimės, garbanotis
garbanositės, garbanotis
garbanočiausi, garbanotis
garbanotumeisi, garbanotis
garbanotųsi, garbanotis
garbanotu(mė)mės, garbanotis
garbanotu(mė)tės, garbanotis
garbintis, garbintis
garbinuosi, garbintis
garbiniesi, garbintis
garbinasi, garbintis
garbinamės, garbintis
garbinatės, garbintis
garbinks, garbintis
garbinkitės, garbintis
garbinkimės, garbintis
garbinausi, garbintis
garbinaisi, garbintis
garbinosi, garbintis
garbinomės, garbintis
garbinotės, garbintis
garbindavausi, garbintis
garbindavaisi, garbintis
garbindavosi, garbintis
garbindavomės, garbintis
garbindavotės, garbintis
garbinsiusi, garbintis
garbinsisi, garbintis
garbinsis, garbintis
garbinsimės, garbintis
garbinsitės, garbintis
garbinčiausi, garbintis
garbintumeisi, garbintis
garbintųsi, garbintis
garbintu(mė)mės, garbintis
garbintu(mė)tės, garbintis
garsėtis, garsėtis
garsėjuosi, garsėtis
garsėjiesi, garsėtis
garsėjasi, garsėtis
garsėjamės, garsėtis
garsėjatės, garsėtis
garsėks, garsėtis
garsėkitės, garsėtis
garsėkimės, garsėtis
garsėjausi, garsėtis
garsėjaisi, garsėtis
garsėjosi, garsėtis
garsėjomės, garsėtis
garsėjotės, garsėtis
garsėdavausi, garsėtis
garsėdavaisi, garsėtis
garsėdavosi, garsėtis
garsėdavomės, garsėtis
garsėdavotės, garsėtis
garsėsiusi, garsėtis
garsėsisi, garsėtis
garsėsis, garsėtis
garsėsimės, garsėtis
garsėsitės, garsėtis
garsėčiausi, garsėtis
garsėtumeisi, garsėtis
garsėtųsi, garsėtis
garsėtu(mė)mės, garsėtis
garsėtu(mė)tės, garsėtis
garuotis, garuotis
garuojuosi, garuotis
garuojiesi, garuotis
garuojasi, garuotis
garuojamės, garuotis
garuojatės, garuotis
garuoks, garuotis
garuokitės, garuotis
garuokimės, garuotis
garavausi, garuotis
garavaisi, garuotis
garavosi, garuotis
garavomės, garuotis
garavotės, garuotis
garuodavausi, garuotis
garuodavaisi, garuotis
garuodavosi, garuotis
garuodavomės, garuotis
garuodavotės, garuotis
garuosiusi, garuotis
garuosisi, garuotis
garuosis, garuotis
garuosimės, garuotis
garuositės, garuotis
garuočiausi, garuotis
garuotumeisi, garuotis
garuotųsi, garuotis
garuotu(mė)mės, garuotis
garuotu(mė)tės, garuotis
gąsdintis, gąsdintis
gąsdinuosi, gąsdintis
gąsdiniesi, gąsdintis
gąsdinasi, gąsdintis
gąsdinamės, gąsdintis
gąsdinatės, gąsdintis
gąsdinks, gąsdintis
gąsdinkitės, gąsdintis
gąsdinkimės, gąsdintis
gąsdinausi, gąsdintis
gąsdinaisi, gąsdintis
gąsdinosi, gąsdintis
gąsdinomės, gąsdintis
gąsdinotės, gąsdintis
gąsdindavausi, gąsdintis
gąsdindavaisi, gąsdintis
gąsdindavosi, gąsdintis
gąsdindavomės, gąsdintis
gąsdindavotės, gąsdintis
gąsdinsiusi, gąsdintis
gąsdinsisi, gąsdintis
gąsdinsis, gąsdintis
gąsdinsimės, gąsdintis
gąsdinsitės, gąsdintis
gąsdinčiausi, gąsdintis
gąsdintumeisi, gąsdintis
gąsdintųsi, gąsdintis
gąsdintu(mė)mės, gąsdintis
gąsdintu(mė)tės, gąsdintis
gąstautis, gąstautis
gąstaujuosi, gąstautis
gąstaujiesi, gąstautis
gąstaujasi, gąstautis
gąstaujamės, gąstautis
gąstaujatės, gąstautis
gąstauks, gąstautis
gąstaukitės, gąstautis
gąstaukimės, gąstautis
gąstavausi, gąstautis
gąstavaisi, gąstautis
gąstavosi, gąstautis
gąstavomės, gąstautis
gąstavotės, gąstautis
gąstaudavausi, gąstautis
gąstaudavaisi, gąstautis
gąstaudavosi, gąstautis
gąstaudavomės, gąstautis
gąstaudavotės, gąstautis
gąstausiusi, gąstautis
gąstausisi, gąstautis
gąstausis, gąstautis
gąstausimės, gąstautis
gąstausitės, gąstautis
gąstaučiausi, gąstautis
gąstautumeisi, gąstautis
gąstautųsi, gąstautis
gąstautu(mė)mės, gąstautis
gąstautu(mė)tės, gąstautis
gaubtis, gaubtis
gaubiuosi, gaubtis
gaubiesi, gaubtis
gaubiasi, gaubtis
gaubiamės, gaubtis
gaubiatės, gaubtis
gaubks, gaubtis
gaubkitės, gaubtis
gaubkimės, gaubtis
gaubiausi, gaubtis
gaubeisi, gaubtis
gaubėsi, gaubtis
gaubėmės, gaubtis
gaubėtės, gaubtis
gaubdavausi, gaubtis
gaubdavaisi, gaubtis
gaubdavosi, gaubtis
gaubdavomės, gaubtis
gaubdavotės, gaubtis
gaubsiusi, gaubtis
gaubsisi, gaubtis
gaubsis, gaubtis
gaubsimės, gaubtis
gaubsitės, gaubtis
gaubčiausi, gaubtis
gaubtumeisi, gaubtis
gaubtųsi, gaubtis
gaubtu(mė)mės, gaubtis
gaubtu(mė)tės, gaubtis
gaudytis, gaudytis
gaudžausi, gaudytis
gaudaisi, gaudytis
gaudosi, gaudytis
gaudomės, gaudytis
gaudotės, gaudytis
gaudyks, gaudytis
gaudykitės, gaudytis
gaudykimės, gaudytis
gaudeisi, gaudytis
gaudėsi, gaudytis
gaudėmės, gaudytis
gaudėtės, gaudytis
gaudydavausi, gaudytis
gaudydavaisi, gaudytis
gaudydavosi, gaudytis
gaudydavomės, gaudytis
gaudydavotės, gaudytis
gaudysiusi, gaudytis
gaudysisi, gaudytis
gaudysis, gaudytis
gaudysimės, gaudytis
gaudysitės, gaudytis
gaudyčiausi, gaudytis
gaudytumeisi, gaudytis
gaudytųsi, gaudytis
gaudytu(mė)mės, gaudytis
gaudytu(mė)tės, gaudytis
gausėtis, gausėtis
gausėjuosi, gausėtis
gausėjiesi, gausėtis
gausėjasi, gausėtis
gausėjamės, gausėtis
gausėjatės, gausėtis
gausėks, gausėtis
gausėkitės, gausėtis
gausėkimės, gausėtis
gausėjausi, gausėtis
gausėjaisi, gausėtis
gausėjosi, gausėtis
gausėjomės, gausėtis
gausėjotės, gausėtis
gausėdavausi, gausėtis
gausėdavaisi, gausėtis
gausėdavosi, gausėtis
gausėdavomės, gausėtis
gausėdavotės, gausėtis
gausėsiusi, gausėtis
gausėsisi, gausėtis
gausėsis, gausėtis
gausėsimės, gausėtis
gausėsitės, gausėtis
gausėčiausi, gausėtis
gausėtumeisi, gausėtis
gausėtųsi, gausėtis
gausėtu(mė)mės, gausėtis
gausėtu(mė)tės, gausėtis
gautis, gautis
gaunuosi, gautis
gauniesi, gautis
gaunasi, gautis
gaunamės, gautis
gaunatės, gautis
gauks, gautis
gaukitės, gautis
gaukimės, gautis
gavausi, gautis
gavaisi, gautis
gavosi, gautis
gavomės, gautis
gavotės, gautis
gaudavausi, gautis
gaudavaisi, gautis
gaudavosi, gautis
gaudavomės, gautis
gaudavotės, gautis
gausiusi, gautis
gausisi, gautis
gausis, gautis
gausimės, gautis
gausitės, gautis
gaučiausi, gautis
gautumeisi, gautis
gautųsi, gautis
gautu(mė)mės, gautis
gautu(mė)tės, gautis
gebėtis, gebėtis
gebuosi, gebėtis
gebiesi, gebėtis
gebasi, gebėtis
gebamės, gebėtis
gebatės, gebėtis
gebėks, gebėtis
gebėkitės, gebėtis
gebėkimės, gebėtis
gebėjausi, gebėtis
gebėjaisi, gebėtis
gebėjosi, gebėtis
gebėjomės, gebėtis
gebėjotės, gebėtis
gebėdavausi, gebėtis
gebėdavaisi, gebėtis
gebėdavosi, gebėtis
gebėdavomės, gebėtis
gebėdavotės, gebėtis
gebėsiusi, gebėtis
gebėsisi, gebėtis
gebėsis, gebėtis
gebėsimės, gebėtis
gebėsitės, gebėtis
gebėčiausi, gebėtis
gebėtumeisi, gebėtis
gebėtųsi, gebėtis
gebėtu(mė)mės, gebėtis
gebėtu(mė)tės, gebėtis
gedėtis, gedėtis
gedžiusi, gedėtis
gedisi, gedėtis
gedisi, gedėtis
gedimės, gedėtis
geditės, gedėtis
gedėks, gedėtis
gedėkitės, gedėtis
gedėkimės, gedėtis
gedėjausi, gedėtis
gedėjaisi, gedėtis
gedėjosi, gedėtis
gedėjomės, gedėtis
gedėjotės, gedėtis
gedėdavausi, gedėtis
gedėdavaisi, gedėtis
gedėdavosi, gedėtis
gedėdavomės, gedėtis
gedėdavotės, gedėtis
gedėsiusi, gedėtis
gedėsisi, gedėtis
gedėsis, gedėtis
gedėsimės, gedėtis
gedėsitės, gedėtis
gedėčiausi, gedėtis
gedėtumeisi, gedėtis
gedėtųsi, gedėtis
gedėtu(mė)mės, gedėtis
gedėtu(mė)tės, gedėtis
gėdintis, gėdintis
gėdinuosi, gėdintis
gėdiniesi, gėdintis
gėdinasi, gėdintis
gėdinamės, gėdintis
gėdinatės, gėdintis
gėdinks, gėdintis
gėdinkitės, gėdintis
gėdinkimės, gėdintis
gėdinausi, gėdintis
gėdinaisi, gėdintis
gėdinosi, gėdintis
gėdinomės, gėdintis
gėdinotės, gėdintis
gėdindavausi, gėdintis
gėdindavaisi, gėdintis
gėdindavosi, gėdintis
gėdindavomės, gėdintis
gėdindavotės, gėdintis
gėdinsiusi, gėdintis
gėdinsisi, gėdintis
gėdinsis, gėdintis
gėdinsimės, gėdintis
gėdinsitės, gėdintis
gėdinčiausi, gėdintis
gėdintumeisi, gėdintis
gėdintųsi, gėdintis
gėdintu(mė)mės, gėdintis
gėdintu(mė)tės, gėdintis
gėdytis, gėdytis
gėdyjuosi, gėdytis
gėdyjiesi, gėdytis
gėdyjasi, gėdytis
gėdyjamės, gėdytis
gėdyjatės, gėdytis
gėdyks, gėdytis
gėdykitės, gėdytis
gėdykimės, gėdytis
gėdyjausi, gėdytis
gėdyjaisi, gėdytis
gėdyjosi, gėdytis
gėdyjomės, gėdytis
gėdyjotės, gėdytis
gėdydavausi, gėdytis
gėdydavaisi, gėdytis
gėdydavosi, gėdytis
gėdydavomės, gėdytis
gėdydavotės, gėdytis
gėdysiusi, gėdytis
gėdysisi, gėdytis
gėdysis, gėdytis
gėdysimės, gėdytis
gėdysitės, gėdytis
gėdyčiausi, gėdytis
gėdytumeisi, gėdytis
gėdytųsi, gėdytis
gėdytu(mė)mės, gėdytis
gėdytu(mė)tės, gėdytis
geibtis, geibtis
geibstuosi, geibtis
geibstiesi, geibtis
geibstasi, geibtis
geibstamės, geibtis
geibstatės, geibtis
geibks, geibtis
geibkitės, geibtis
geibkimės, geibtis
geibausi, geibtis
geibaisi, geibtis
geibosi, geibtis
geibomės, geibtis
geibotės, geibtis
geibdavausi, geibtis
geibdavaisi, geibtis
geibdavosi, geibtis
geibdavomės, geibtis
geibdavotės, geibtis
geibsiusi, geibtis
geibsisi, geibtis
geibsis, geibtis
geibsimės, geibtis
geibsitės, geibtis
geibčiausi, geibtis
geibtumeisi, geibtis
geibtųsi, geibtis
geibtu(mė)mės, geibtis
geibtu(mė)tės, geibtis
geistis, geistis
geidžiuosi, geistis
geidžiesi, geistis
geidžiasi, geistis
geidžiamės, geistis
geidžiatės, geistis
geisks, geistis
geiskitės, geistis
geiskimės, geistis
geideisi, geistis
geidėsi, geistis
geidėmės, geistis
geidėtės, geistis
geisdavausi, geistis
geisdavaisi, geistis
geisdavosi, geistis
geisdavomės, geistis
geisdavotės, geistis
geisiusi, geistis
geisisi, geistis
geisis, geistis
geisimės, geistis
geisitės, geistis
geisčiausi, geistis
geistumeisi, geistis
geistųsi, geistis
geistu(mė)mės, geistis
geistu(mė)tės, geistis
gelbėtis, gelbėtis
gelbėjuosi, gelbėtis
gelbėjiesi, gelbėtis
gelbėjasi, gelbėtis
gelbėjamės, gelbėtis
gelbėjatės, gelbėtis
gelbėks, gelbėtis
gelbėkitės, gelbėtis
gelbėkimės, gelbėtis
gelbėjausi, gelbėtis
gelbėjaisi, gelbėtis
gelbėjosi, gelbėtis
gelbėjomės, gelbėtis
gelbėjotės, gelbėtis
gelbėdavausi, gelbėtis
gelbėdavaisi, gelbėtis
gelbėdavosi, gelbėtis
gelbėdavomės, gelbėtis
gelbėdavotės, gelbėtis
gelbėsiusi, gelbėtis
gelbėsisi, gelbėtis
gelbėsis, gelbėtis
gelbėsimės, gelbėtis
gelbėsitės, gelbėtis
gelbėčiausi, gelbėtis
gelbėtumeisi, gelbėtis
gelbėtųsi, gelbėtis
gelbėtu(mė)mės, gelbėtis
gelbėtu(mė)tės, gelbėtis
gelstis, gelstis
gelstuosi, gelstis
gelstiesi, gelstis
gelstasi, gelstis
gelstamės, gelstis
gelstatės, gelstis
gelsks, gelstis
gelskitės, gelstis
gelskimės, gelstis
geltausi, gelstis
geltaisi, gelstis
geltosi, gelstis
geltomės, gelstis
geltotės, gelstis
gelsdavausi, gelstis
gelsdavaisi, gelstis
gelsdavosi, gelstis
gelsdavomės, gelstis
gelsdavotės, gelstis
gelsiusi, gelstis
gelsisi, gelstis
gelsis, gelstis
gelsimės, gelstis
gelsitės, gelstis
gelsčiausi, gelstis
gelstumeisi, gelstis
gelstųsi, gelstis
gelstu(mė)mės, gelstis
gelstu(mė)tės, gelstis
gelsvintis, gelsvintis
gelsvinuosi, gelsvintis
gelsviniesi, gelsvintis
gelsvinasi, gelsvintis
gelsvinamės, gelsvintis
gelsvinatės, gelsvintis
gelsvinks, gelsvintis
gelsvinkitės, gelsvintis
gelsvinkimės, gelsvintis
gelsvinausi, gelsvintis
gelsvinaisi, gelsvintis
gelsvinosi, gelsvintis
gelsvinomės, gelsvintis
gelsvinotės, gelsvintis
gelsvindavausi, gelsvintis
gelsvindavaisi, gelsvintis
gelsvindavosi, gelsvintis
gelsvindavomės, gelsvintis
gelsvindavotės, gelsvintis
gelsvinsiusi, gelsvintis
gelsvinsisi, gelsvintis
gelsvinsis, gelsvintis
gelsvinsimės, gelsvintis
gelsvinsitės, gelsvintis
gelsvinčiausi, gelsvintis
gelsvintumeisi, gelsvintis
gelsvintųsi, gelsvintis
gelsvintu(mė)mės, gelsvintis
gelsvintu(mė)tės, gelsvintis
geltis, geltis
geliuosi, geltis
geliesi, geltis
geliasi, geltis
geliamės, geltis
geliatės, geltis
gelks, geltis
gelkitės, geltis
gelkimės, geltis
gėliausi, geltis
gėleisi, geltis
gėlėsi, geltis
gėlėmės, geltis
gėlėtės, geltis
geldavausi, geltis
geldavaisi, geltis
geldavosi, geltis
geldavomės, geltis
geldavotės, geltis
gelsiusi, geltis
gelsisi, geltis
gelsis, geltis
gelsimės, geltis
gelsitės, geltis
gelčiausi, geltis
geltumeisi, geltis
geltųsi, geltis
geltu(mė)mės, geltis
geltu(mė)tės, geltis
geltonėtis, geltonėtis
geltonėjuosi, geltonėtis
geltonėjiesi, geltonėtis
geltonėjasi, geltonėtis
geltonėjamės, geltonėtis
geltonėjatės, geltonėtis
geltonėks, geltonėtis
geltonėkitės, geltonėtis
geltonėkimės, geltonėtis
geltonėjausi, geltonėtis
geltonėjaisi, geltonėtis
geltonėjosi, geltonėtis
geltonėjomės, geltonėtis
geltonėjotės, geltonėtis
geltonėdavausi, geltonėtis
geltonėdavaisi, geltonėtis
geltonėdavosi, geltonėtis
geltonėdavomės, geltonėtis
geltonėdavotės, geltonėtis
geltonėsiusi, geltonėtis
geltonėsisi, geltonėtis
geltonėsis, geltonėtis
geltonėsimės, geltonėtis
geltonėsitės, geltonėtis
geltonėčiausi, geltonėtis
geltonėtumeisi, geltonėtis
geltonėtųsi, geltonėtis
geltonėtu(mė)mės, geltonėtis
geltonėtu(mė)tės, geltonėtis
geltonintis, geltonintis
geltoninuosi, geltonintis
geltoniniesi, geltonintis
geltoninasi, geltonintis
geltoninamės, geltonintis
geltoninatės, geltonintis
geltoninks, geltonintis
geltoninkitės, geltonintis
geltoninkimės, geltonintis
geltoninausi, geltonintis
geltoninaisi, geltonintis
geltoninosi, geltonintis
geltoninomės, geltonintis
geltoninotės, geltonintis
geltonindavausi, geltonintis
geltonindavaisi, geltonintis
geltonindavosi, geltonintis
geltonindavomės, geltonintis
geltonindavotės, geltonintis
geltoninsiusi, geltonintis
geltoninsisi, geltonintis
geltoninsis, geltonintis
geltoninsimės, geltonintis
geltoninsitės, geltonintis
geltoninčiausi, geltonintis
geltonintumeisi, geltonintis
geltonintųsi, geltonintis
geltonintu(mė)mės, geltonintis
geltonintu(mė)tės, geltonintis
geltonuotis, geltonuotis
geltonuojuosi, geltonuotis
geltonuojiesi, geltonuotis
geltonuojasi, geltonuotis
geltonuojamės, geltonuotis
geltonuojatės, geltonuotis
geltonuoks, geltonuotis
geltonuokitės, geltonuotis
geltonuokimės, geltonuotis
geltonavausi, geltonuotis
geltonavaisi, geltonuotis
geltonavosi, geltonuotis
geltonavomės, geltonuotis
geltonavotės, geltonuotis
geltonuodavausi, geltonuotis
geltonuodavaisi, geltonuotis
geltonuodavosi, geltonuotis
geltonuodavomės, geltonuotis
geltonuodavotės, geltonuotis
geltonuosiusi, geltonuotis
geltonuosisi, geltonuotis
geltonuosis, geltonuotis
geltonuosimės, geltonuotis
geltonuositės, geltonuotis
geltonuočiausi, geltonuotis
geltonuotumeisi, geltonuotis
geltonuotųsi, geltonuotis
geltonuotu(mė)mės, geltonuotis
geltonuotu(mė)tės, geltonuotis
genėtis, genėtis
genėjuosi, genėtis
genėjiesi, genėtis
genėjasi, genėtis
genėjamės, genėtis
genėjatės, genėtis
genėks, genėtis
genėkitės, genėtis
genėkimės, genėtis
genėjausi, genėtis
genėjaisi, genėtis
genėjosi, genėtis
genėjomės, genėtis
genėjotės, genėtis
genėdavausi, genėtis
genėdavaisi, genėtis
genėdavosi, genėtis
genėdavomės, genėtis
genėdavotės, genėtis
genėsiusi, genėtis
genėsisi, genėtis
genėsis, genėtis
genėsimės, genėtis
genėsitės, genėtis
genėčiausi, genėtis
genėtumeisi, genėtis
genėtųsi, genėtis
genėtu(mė)mės, genėtis
genėtu(mė)tės, genėtis
gerbtis, gerbtis
gerbiuosi, gerbtis
gerbiesi, gerbtis
gerbiasi, gerbtis
gerbiamės, gerbtis
gerbiatės, gerbtis
gerbks, gerbtis
gerbkitės, gerbtis
gerbkimės, gerbtis
gerbiausi, gerbtis
gerbeisi, gerbtis
gerbėsi, gerbtis
gerbėmės, gerbtis
gerbėtės, gerbtis
gerbdavausi, gerbtis
gerbdavaisi, gerbtis
gerbdavosi, gerbtis
gerbdavomės, gerbtis
gerbdavotės, gerbtis
gerbsiusi, gerbtis
gerbsisi, gerbtis
gerbsis, gerbtis
gerbsimės, gerbtis
gerbsitės, gerbtis
gerbčiausi, gerbtis
gerbtumeisi, gerbtis
gerbtųsi, gerbtis
gerbtu(mė)mės, gerbtis
gerbtu(mė)tės, gerbtis
gerėtis, gerėtis
gerėjuosi, gerėtis
gerėjiesi, gerėtis
gerėjasi, gerėtis
gerėjamės, gerėtis
gerėjatės, gerėtis
gerėks, gerėtis
gerėkitės, gerėtis
gerėkimės, gerėtis
gerėjausi, gerėtis
gerėjaisi, gerėtis
gerėjosi, gerėtis
gerėjomės, gerėtis
gerėjotės, gerėtis
gerėdavausi, gerėtis
gerėdavaisi, gerėtis
gerėdavosi, gerėtis
gerėdavomės, gerėtis
gerėdavotės, gerėtis
gerėsiusi, gerėtis
gerėsisi, gerėtis
gerėsis, gerėtis
gerėsimės, gerėtis
gerėsitės, gerėtis
gerėčiausi, gerėtis
gerėtumeisi, gerėtis
gerėtųsi, gerėtis
gerėtu(mė)mės, gerėtis
gerėtu(mė)tės, gerėtis
gerintis, gerintis
gerinuosi, gerintis
geriniesi, gerintis
gerinasi, gerintis
gerinamės, gerintis
gerinatės, gerintis
gerinks, gerintis
gerinkitės, gerintis
gerinkimės, gerintis
gerinausi, gerintis
gerinaisi, gerintis
gerinosi, gerintis
gerinomės, gerintis
gerinotės, gerintis
gerindavausi, gerintis
gerindavaisi, gerintis
gerindavosi, gerintis
gerindavomės, gerintis
gerindavotės, gerintis
gerinsiusi, gerintis
gerinsisi, gerintis
gerinsis, gerintis
gerinsimės, gerintis
gerinsitės, gerintis
gerinčiausi, gerintis
gerintumeisi, gerintis
gerintųsi, gerintis
gerintu(mė)mės, gerintis
gerintu(mė)tės, gerintis
gertis, gertis
geriuosi, gertis
geriesi, gertis
geriasi, gertis
geriamės, gertis
geriatės, gertis
gerks, gertis
gerkitės, gertis
gerkimės, gertis
gėriausi, gertis
gėreisi, gertis
gėrėsi, gertis
gėrėmės, gertis
gėrėtės, gertis
gerdavausi, gertis
gerdavaisi, gertis
gerdavosi, gertis
gerdavomės, gertis
gerdavotės, gertis
gersiusi, gertis
gersisi, gertis
gersis, gertis
gersimės, gertis
gersitės, gertis
gerčiausi, gertis
gertumeisi, gertis
gertųsi, gertis
gertu(mė)mės, gertis
gertu(mė)tės, gertis
gervuogiautis, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaujuosi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaujiesi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaujasi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaujamės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaujatės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiauks, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaukitės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaukimės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiavausi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiavaisi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiavosi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiavomės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiavotės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaudavausi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaudavaisi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaudavosi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaudavomės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaudavotės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiausiusi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiausisi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiausis, gervuogiautis
gervuogiausimės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiausitės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiaučiausi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiautumeisi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiautųsi, gervuogiautis
gervuogiautu(mė)mės, gervuogiautis
gervuogiautu(mė)tės, gervuogiautis
gesintis, gesintis
gesinuosi, gesintis
gesiniesi, gesintis
gesinasi, gesintis
gesinamės, gesintis
gesinatės, gesintis
gesinks, gesintis
gesinkitės, gesintis
gesinkimės, gesintis
gesinausi, gesintis
gesinaisi, gesintis
gesinosi, gesintis
gesinomės, gesintis
gesinotės, gesintis
gesindavausi, gesintis
gesindavaisi, gesintis
gesindavosi, gesintis
gesindavomės, gesintis
gesindavotės, gesintis
gesinsiusi, gesintis
gesinsisi, gesintis
gesinsis, gesintis
gesinsimės, gesintis
gesinsitės, gesintis
gesinčiausi, gesintis
gesintumeisi, gesintis
gesintųsi, gesintis
gesintu(mė)mės, gesintis
gesintu(mė)tės, gesintis
gestis, gestis
gendžuosi, gestis
gendiesi, gestis
gendasi, gestis
gendamės, gestis
gendatės, gestis
gesks, gestis
geskitės, gestis
geskimės, gestis
gedausi, gestis
gedaisi, gestis
gedosi, gestis
gedomės, gestis
gedotės, gestis
gesdavausi, gestis
gesdavaisi, gestis
gesdavosi, gestis
gesdavomės, gestis
gesdavotės, gestis
gesiusi, gestis
gesisi, gestis
gesis, gestis
gesimės, gestis
gesitės, gestis
gesčiausi, gestis
gestumeisi, gestis
gestųsi, gestis
gestu(mė)mės, gestis
gestu(mė)tės, gestis
giedotis, giedotis
giedojuosi, giedotis
giedojiesi, giedotis
giedojasi, giedotis
giedojamės, giedotis
giedojatės, giedotis
giedoks, giedotis
giedokitės, giedotis
giedokimės, giedotis
giedojausi, giedotis
giedojaisi, giedotis
giedojosi, giedotis
giedojomės, giedotis
giedojotės, giedotis
giedodavausi, giedotis
giedodavaisi, giedotis
giedodavosi, giedotis
giedodavomės, giedotis
giedodavotės, giedotis
giedosiusi, giedotis
giedosisi, giedotis
giedosis, giedotis
giedosimės, giedotis
giedositės, giedotis
giedočiausi, giedotis
giedotumeisi, giedotis
giedotųsi, giedotis
giedotu(mė)mės, giedotis
giedotu(mė)tės, giedotis
giedrėtis, giedrėtis
giedrėjuosi, giedrėtis
giedrėjiesi, giedrėtis
giedrėjasi, giedrėtis
giedrėjamės, giedrėtis
giedrėjatės, giedrėtis
giedrėks, giedrėtis
giedrėkitės, giedrėtis
giedrėkimės, giedrėtis
giedrėjausi, giedrėtis
giedrėjaisi, giedrėtis
giedrėjosi, giedrėtis
giedrėjomės, giedrėtis
giedrėjotės, giedrėtis
giedrėdavausi, giedrėtis
giedrėdavaisi, giedrėtis
giedrėdavosi, giedrėtis
giedrėdavomės, giedrėtis
giedrėdavotės, giedrėtis
giedrėsiusi, giedrėtis
giedrėsisi, giedrėtis
giedrėsis, giedrėtis
giedrėsimės, giedrėtis
giedrėsitės, giedrėtis
giedrėčiausi, giedrėtis
giedrėtumeisi, giedrėtis
giedrėtųsi, giedrėtis
giedrėtu(mė)mės, giedrėtis
giedrėtu(mė)tės, giedrėtis
giedrytis, giedrytis
giedrijuosi, giedrytis
giedrijiesi, giedrytis
giedrijasi, giedrytis
giedrijamės, giedrytis
giedrijatės, giedrytis
giedryks, giedrytis
giedrykitės, giedrytis
giedrykimės, giedrytis
giedrijausi, giedrytis
giedrijaisi, giedrytis
giedrijosi, giedrytis
giedrijomės, giedrytis
giedrijotės, giedrytis
giedrydavausi, giedrytis
giedrydavaisi, giedrytis
giedrydavosi, giedrytis
giedrydavomės, giedrytis
giedrydavotės, giedrytis
giedrysiusi, giedrytis
giedrysisi, giedrytis
giedrisis, giedrytis
giedrysimės, giedrytis
giedrysitės, giedrytis
giedryčiausi, giedrytis
giedrytumeisi, giedrytis
giedrytųsi, giedrytis
giedrytu(mė)mės, giedrytis
giedrytu(mė)tės, giedrytis
gilėtis, gilėtis
gilėjuosi, gilėtis
gilėjiesi, gilėtis
gilėjasi, gilėtis
gilėjamės, gilėtis
gilėjatės, gilėtis
gilėks, gilėtis
gilėkitės, gilėtis
gilėkimės, gilėtis
gilėjausi, gilėtis
gilėjaisi, gilėtis
gilėjosi, gilėtis
gilėjomės, gilėtis
gilėjotės, gilėtis
gilėdavausi, gilėtis
gilėdavaisi, gilėtis
gilėdavosi, gilėtis
gilėdavomės, gilėtis
gilėdavotės, gilėtis
gilėsiusi, gilėtis
gilėsisi, gilėtis
gilėsis, gilėtis
gilėsimės, gilėtis
gilėsitės, gilėtis
gilėčiausi, gilėtis
gilėtumeisi, gilėtis
gilėtųsi, gilėtis
gilėtu(mė)mės, gilėtis
gilėtu(mė)tės, gilėtis
gilintis, gilintis
gilinuosi, gilintis
giliniesi, gilintis
gilinasi, gilintis
gilinamės, gilintis
gilinatės, gilintis
gilinks, gilintis
gilinkitės, gilintis
gilinkimės, gilintis
gilinausi, gilintis
gilinaisi, gilintis
gilinosi, gilintis
gilinomės, gilintis
gilinotės, gilintis
gilindavausi, gilintis
gilindavaisi, gilintis
gilindavosi, gilintis
gilindavomės, gilintis
gilindavotės, gilintis
gilinsiusi, gilintis
gilinsisi, gilintis
gilinsis, gilintis
gilinsimės, gilintis
gilinsitės, gilintis
gilinčiausi, gilintis
gilintumeisi, gilintis
gilintųsi, gilintis
gilintu(mė)mės, gilintis
gilintu(mė)tės, gilintis
giltis, giltis
gyluosi, giltis
gyliesi, giltis
gylasi, giltis
gylamės, giltis
gylatės, giltis
gilks, giltis
gilkitės, giltis
gilkimės, giltis
gyliausi, giltis
gyleisi, giltis
gylėsi, giltis
gylėmės, giltis
gylėtės, giltis
gildavausi, giltis
gildavaisi, giltis
gildavosi, giltis
gildavomės, giltis
gildavotės, giltis
gilsiusi, giltis
gilsisi, giltis
gilsis, giltis
gilsimės, giltis
gilsitės, giltis
gilčiausi, giltis
giltumeisi, giltis
giltųsi, giltis
giltu(mė)mės, giltis
giltu(mė)tės, giltis
gimdytis, gimdytis
gimdžausi, gimdytis
gimdaisi, gimdytis
gimdosi, gimdytis
gimdomės, gimdytis
gimdotės, gimdytis
gimdyks, gimdytis
gimdykitės, gimdytis
gimdykimės, gimdytis
gimdeisi, gimdytis
gimdėsi, gimdytis
gimdėmės, gimdytis
gimdėtės, gimdytis
gimdydavausi, gimdytis
gimdydavaisi, gimdytis
gimdydavosi, gimdytis
gimdydavomės, gimdytis
gimdydavotės, gimdytis
gimdysiusi, gimdytis
gimdysisi, gimdytis
gimdysis, gimdytis
gimdysimės, gimdytis
gimdysitės, gimdytis
gimdyčiausi, gimdytis
gimdytumeisi, gimdytis
gimdytųsi, gimdytis
gimdytu(mė)mės, gimdytis
gimdytu(mė)tės, gimdytis
gimtis, gimtis
gimstuosi, gimtis
gimstiesi, gimtis
gimstasi, gimtis
gimstamės, gimtis
gimstatės, gimtis
gimks, gimtis
gimkitės, gimtis
gimkimės, gimtis
gimiausi, gimtis
gimeisi, gimtis
gimėsi, gimtis
gimėmės, gimtis
gimėtės, gimtis
gimdavausi, gimtis
gimdavaisi, gimtis
gimdavosi, gimtis
gimdavomės, gimtis
gimdavotės, gimtis
gimsiusi, gimtis
gimsisi, gimtis
gimsis, gimtis
gimsimės, gimtis
gimsitės, gimtis
gimčiausi, gimtis
gimtumeisi, gimtis
gimtųsi, gimtis
gimtu(mė)mės, gimtis
gimtu(mė)tės, gimtis
ginčytis, ginčytis
ginčijuosi, ginčytis
ginčijiesi, ginčytis
ginčijasi, ginčytis
ginčijamės, ginčytis
ginčijatės, ginčytis
ginčyks, ginčytis
ginčykitės, ginčytis
ginčykimės, ginčytis
ginčijausi, ginčytis
ginčijaisi, ginčytis
ginčijosi, ginčytis
ginčijomės, ginčytis
ginčijotės, ginčytis
ginčydavausi, ginčytis
ginčydavaisi, ginčytis
ginčydavosi, ginčytis
ginčydavomės, ginčytis
ginčydavotės, ginčytis
ginčysiusi, ginčytis
ginčysisi, ginčytis
ginčisis, ginčytis
ginčysimės, ginčytis
ginčysitės, ginčytis
ginčyčiausi, ginčytis
ginčytumeisi, ginčytis
ginčytųsi, ginčytis
ginčytu(mė)mės, ginčytis
ginčytu(mė)tės, ginčytis
ginkluotis, ginkluotis
ginkluojuosi, ginkluotis
ginkluojiesi, ginkluotis
ginkluojasi, ginkluotis
ginkluojamės, ginkluotis
ginkluojatės, ginkluotis
ginkluoks, ginkluotis
ginkluokitės, ginkluotis
ginkluokimės, ginkluotis
ginklavausi, ginkluotis
ginklavaisi, ginkluotis
ginklavosi, ginkluotis
ginklavomės, ginkluotis
ginklavotės, ginkluotis
ginkluodavausi, ginkluotis
ginkluodavaisi, ginkluotis
ginkluodavosi, ginkluotis
ginkluodavomės, ginkluotis
ginkluodavotės, ginkluotis
ginkluosiusi, ginkluotis
ginkluosisi, ginkluotis
ginkluosis, ginkluotis
ginkluosimės, ginkluotis
ginkluositės, ginkluotis
ginkluočiausi, ginkluotis
ginkluotumeisi, ginkluotis
ginkluotųsi, ginkluotis
ginkluotu(mė)mės, ginkluotis
ginkluotu(mė)tės, ginkluotis
gintis, gintis
ginuosi, gintis
giniesi, gintis
ginasi, gintis
ginamės, gintis
ginatės, gintis
ginks, gintis
ginkitės, gintis
ginkimės, gintis
gyniausi, gintis
gyneisi, gintis
gynėsi, gintis
gynėmės, gintis
gynėtės, gintis
gindavausi, gintis
gindavaisi, gintis
gindavosi, gintis
gindavomės, gintis
gindavotės, gintis
ginsiusi, gintis
ginsisi, gintis
ginsis, gintis
ginsimės, gintis
ginsitės, gintis
ginčiausi, gintis
gintumeisi, gintis
gintųsi, gintis
gintu(mė)mės, gintis
gintu(mė)tės, gintis
girdėtis, girdėtis
girdžiusi, girdėtis
girdisi, girdėtis
girdisi, girdėtis
girdimės, girdėtis
girditės, girdėtis
girdėks, girdėtis
girdėkitės, girdėtis
girdėkimės, girdėtis
girdėjausi, girdėtis
girdėjaisi, girdėtis
girdėjosi, girdėtis
girdėjomės, girdėtis
girdėjotės, girdėtis
girdėdavausi, girdėtis
girdėdavaisi, girdėtis
girdėdavosi, girdėtis
girdėdavomės, girdėtis
girdėdavotės, girdėtis
girdėsiusi, girdėtis
girdėsisi, girdėtis
girdėsis, girdėtis
girdėsimės, girdėtis
girdėsitės, girdėtis
girdėčiausi, girdėtis
girdėtumeisi, girdėtis
girdėtųsi, girdėtis
girdėtu(mė)mės, girdėtis
girdėtu(mė)tės, girdėtis
girdytis, girdytis
girdžausi, girdytis
girdaisi, girdytis
girdosi, girdytis
girdomės, girdytis
girdotės, girdytis
girdyks, girdytis
girdykitės, girdytis
girdykimės, girdytis
girdeisi, girdytis
girdėsi, girdytis
girdėmės, girdytis
girdėtės, girdytis
girdydavausi, girdytis
girdydavaisi, girdytis
girdydavosi, girdytis
girdydavomės, girdytis
girdydavotės, girdytis
girdysiusi, girdytis
girdysisi, girdytis
girdysis, girdytis
girdysimės, girdytis
girdysitės, girdytis
girdyčiausi, girdytis
girdytumeisi, girdytis
girdytųsi, girdytis
girdytu(mė)mės, girdytis
girdytu(mė)tės, girdytis
girgždėtis, girgždėtis
girgždžuosi, girgždėtis
girgždiesi, girgždėtis
girgždasi, girgždėtis
girgždamės, girgždėtis
girgždatės, girgždėtis
girgždėks, girgždėtis
girgždėkitės, girgždėtis
girgždėkimės, girgždėtis
girgždėjausi, girgždėtis
girgždėjaisi, girgždėtis
girgždėjosi, girgždėtis
girgždėjomės, girgždėtis
girgždėjotės, girgždėtis
girgždėdavausi, girgždėtis
girgždėdavaisi, girgždėtis
girgždėdavosi, girgždėtis
girgždėdavomės, girgždėtis
girgždėdavotės, girgždėtis
girgždėsiusi, girgždėtis
girgždėsisi, girgždėtis
girgždėsis, girgždėtis
girgždėsimės, girgždėtis
girgždėsitės, girgždėtis
girgždėčiausi, girgždėtis
girgždėtumeisi, girgždėtis
girgždėtųsi, girgždėtis
girgždėtu(mė)mės, girgždėtis
girgždėtu(mė)tės, girgždėtis
girtautis, girtautis
girtaujuosi, girtautis
girtaujiesi, girtautis
girtaujasi, girtautis
girtaujamės, girtautis
girtaujatės, girtautis
girtauks, girtautis
girtaukitės, girtautis
girtaukimės, girtautis
girtavausi, girtautis
girtavaisi, girtautis
girtavosi, girtautis
girtavomės, girtautis
girtavotės, girtautis
girtaudavausi, girtautis
girtaudavaisi, girtautis
girtaudavosi, girtautis
girtaudavomės, girtautis
girtaudavotės, girtautis
girtausiusi, girtautis
girtausisi, girtautis
girtausis, girtautis
girtausimės, girtautis
girtausitės, girtautis
girtaučiausi, girtautis
girtautumeisi, girtautis
girtautųsi, girtautis
girtautu(mė)mės, girtautis
girtautu(mė)tės, girtautis
girtis, girtis
giriuosi, girtis
giriesi, girtis
giriasi, girtis
giriamės, girtis
giriatės, girtis
girks, girtis
girkitės, girtis
girkimės, girtis
gyriausi, girtis
gyreisi, girtis
gyrėsi, girtis
gyrėmės, girtis
gyrėtės, girtis
girdavausi, girtis
girdavaisi, girtis
girdavosi, girtis
girdavomės, girtis
girdavotės, girtis
girsiusi, girtis
girsisi, girtis
girsis, girtis
girsimės, girtis
girsitės, girtis
girčiausi, girtis
girtumeisi, girtis
girtųsi, girtis
girtu(mė)mės, girtis
girtu(mė)tės, girtis
gižtis, gižtis
gyžtuosi, gižtis
gyžtiesi, gižtis
gyžtasi, gižtis
gyžtamės, gižtis
gyžtatės, gižtis
gižks, gižtis
gižkitės, gižtis
gižkimės, gižtis
gižausi, gižtis
gižaisi, gižtis
gižosi, gižtis
gižomės, gižtis
gižotės, gižtis
giždavausi, gižtis
giždavaisi, gižtis
giždavosi, gižtis
giždavomės, gižtis
giždavotės, gižtis
gižšiusi, gižtis
gižšisi, gižtis
gižšis, gižtis
gižšimės, gižtis
gižšitės, gižtis
gižčiausi, gižtis
gižtumeisi, gižtis
gižtųsi, gižtis
gižtu(mė)mės, gižtis
gižtu(mė)tės, gižtis
glamonėtis, glamonėtis
glamonėjuosi, glamonėtis
glamonėjiesi, glamonėtis
glamonėjasi, glamonėtis
glamonėjamės, glamonėtis
glamonėjatės, glamonėtis
glamonėks, glamonėtis
glamonėkitės, glamonėtis
glamonėkimės, glamonėtis
glamonėjausi, glamonėtis
glamonėjaisi, glamonėtis
glamonėjosi, glamonėtis
glamonėjomės, glamonėtis
glamonėjotės, glamonėtis
glamonėdavausi, glamonėtis
glamonėdavaisi, glamonėtis
glamonėdavosi, glamonėtis
glamonėdavomės, glamonėtis
glamonėdavotės, glamonėtis
glamonėsiusi, glamonėtis
glamonėsisi, glamonėtis
glamonėsis, glamonėtis
glamonėsimės, glamonėtis
glamonėsitės, glamonėtis
glamonėčiausi, glamonėtis
glamonėtumeisi, glamonėtis
glamonėtųsi, glamonėtis
glamonėtu(mė)mės, glamonėtis
glamonėtu(mė)tės, glamonėtis
glaudytis, glaudytis
glaudžausi, glaudytis
glaudaisi, glaudytis
glaudosi, glaudytis
glaudomės, glaudytis
glaudotės, glaudytis
glaudyks, glaudytis
glaudykitės, glaudytis
glaudykimės, glaudytis
glaudeisi, glaudytis
glaudėsi, glaudytis
glaudėmės, glaudytis
glaudėtės, glaudytis
glaudydavausi, glaudytis
glaudydavaisi, glaudytis
glaudydavosi, glaudytis
glaudydavomės, glaudytis
glaudydavotės, glaudytis
glaudysiusi, glaudytis
glaudysisi, glaudytis
glaudysis, glaudytis
glaudysimės, glaudytis
glaudysitės, glaudytis
glaudyčiausi, glaudytis
glaudytumeisi, glaudytis
glaudytųsi, glaudytis
glaudytu(mė)mės, glaudytis
glaudytu(mė)tės, glaudytis
glaustis, glaustis
glaudžiuosi, glaustis
glaudžiesi, glaustis
glaudžiasi, glaustis
glaudžiamės, glaustis
glaudžiatės, glaustis
glausks, glaustis
glauskitės, glaustis
glauskimės, glaustis
glaudeisi, glaustis
glaudėsi, glaustis
glaudėmės, glaustis
glaudėtės, glaustis
glausdavausi, glaustis
glausdavaisi, glaustis
glausdavosi, glaustis
glausdavomės, glaustis
glausdavotės, glaustis
glausiusi, glaustis
glausisi, glaustis
glausis, glaustis
glausimės, glaustis
glausitės, glaustis
glausčiausi, glaustis
glaustumeisi, glaustis
glaustųsi, glaustis
glaustu(mė)mės, glaustis
glaustu(mė)tės, glaustis
glėbtis, glėbtis
glėbiuosi, glėbtis
glėbiesi, glėbtis
glėbiasi, glėbtis
glėbiamės, glėbtis
glėbiatės, glėbtis
glėbks, glėbtis
glėbkitės, glėbtis
glėbkimės, glėbtis
glėbiausi, glėbtis
glėbeisi, glėbtis
glėbėsi, glėbtis
glėbėmės, glėbtis
glėbėtės, glėbtis
glėbdavausi, glėbtis
glėbdavaisi, glėbtis
glėbdavosi, glėbtis
glėbdavomės, glėbtis
glėbdavotės, glėbtis
glėbsiusi, glėbtis
glėbsisi, glėbtis
glėbsis, glėbtis
glėbsimės, glėbtis
glėbsitės, glėbtis
glėbčiausi, glėbtis
glėbtumeisi, glėbtis
glėbtųsi, glėbtis
glėbtu(mė)mės, glėbtis
glėbtu(mė)tės, glėbtis
glertis, glertis
glęruosi, glertis
glęriesi, glertis
glęrasi, glertis
glęramės, glertis
glęratės, glertis
glerks, glertis
glerkitės, glertis
glerkimės, glertis
glerausi, glertis
gleraisi, glertis
glerosi, glertis
gleromės, glertis
glerotės, glertis
glerdavausi, glertis
glerdavaisi, glertis
glerdavosi, glertis
glerdavomės, glertis
glerdavotės, glertis
glersiusi, glertis
glersisi, glertis
glersis, glertis
glersimės, glertis
glersitės, glertis
glerčiausi, glertis
glertumeisi, glertis
glertųsi, glertis
glertu(mė)mės, glertis
glertu(mė)tės, glertis
gležtis, gležtis
glęžtuosi, gležtis
glęžtiesi, gležtis
glęžtasi, gležtis
glęžtamės, gležtis
glęžtatės, gležtis
gležks, gležtis
gležkitės, gležtis
gležkimės, gležtis
gležausi, gležtis
gležaisi, gležtis
gležosi, gležtis
gležomės, gležtis
gležotės, gležtis
gleždavausi, gležtis
gleždavaisi, gležtis
gleždavosi, gležtis
gleždavomės, gležtis
gleždavotės, gležtis
gležšiusi, gležtis
gležšisi, gležtis
gležšis, gležtis
gležšimės, gležtis
gležšitės, gležtis
gležčiausi, gležtis
gležtumeisi, gležtis
gležtųsi, gležtis
gležtu(mė)mės, gležtis
gležtu(mė)tės, gležtis
globotis, globotis
globojuosi, globotis
globojiesi, globotis
globojasi, globotis
globojamės, globotis
globojatės, globotis
globoks, globotis
globokitės, globotis
globokimės, globotis
globojausi, globotis
globojaisi, globotis
globojosi, globotis
globojomės, globotis
globojotės, globotis
globodavausi, globotis
globodavaisi, globotis
globodavosi, globotis
globodavomės, globotis
globodavotės, globotis
globosiusi, globotis
globosisi, globotis
globosis, globotis
globosimės, globotis
globositės, globotis
globočiausi, globotis
globotumeisi, globotis
globotųsi, globotis
globotu(mė)mės, globotis
globotu(mė)tės, globotis
glostytis, glostytis
glostausi, glostytis
glostaisi, glostytis
glostosi, glostytis
glostomės, glostytis
glostotės, glostytis
glostyks, glostytis
glostykitės, glostytis
glostykimės, glostytis
glosteisi, glostytis
glostėsi, glostytis
glostėmės, glostytis
glostėtės, glostytis
glostydavausi, glostytis
glostydavaisi, glostytis
glostydavosi, glostytis
glostydavomės, glostytis
glostydavotės, glostytis
glostysiusi, glostytis
glostysisi, glostytis
glostysis, glostytis
glostysimės, glostytis
glostysitės, glostytis
glostyčiausi, glostytis
glostytumeisi, glostytis
glostytųsi, glostytis
glostytu(mė)mės, glostytis
glostytu(mė)tės, glostytis
glūdėtis, glūdėtis
glūdžiusi, glūdėtis
glūdisi, glūdėtis
glūdisi, glūdėtis
glūdimės, glūdėtis
glūditės, glūdėtis
glūdėks, glūdėtis
glūdėkitės, glūdėtis
glūdėkimės, glūdėtis
glūdėjausi, glūdėtis
glūdėjaisi, glūdėtis
glūdėjosi, glūdėtis
glūdėjomės, glūdėtis
glūdėjotės, glūdėtis
glūdėdavausi, glūdėtis
glūdėdavaisi, glūdėtis
glūdėdavosi, glūdėtis
glūdėdavomės, glūdėtis
glūdėdavotės, glūdėtis
glūdėsiusi, glūdėtis
glūdėsisi, glūdėtis
glūdėsis, glūdėtis
glūdėsimės, glūdėtis
glūdėsitės, glūdėtis
glūdėčiausi, glūdėtis
glūdėtumeisi, glūdėtis
glūdėtųsi, glūdėtis
glūdėtu(mė)mės, glūdėtis
glūdėtu(mė)tės, glūdėtis
gnaibytis, gnaibytis
gnaibausi, gnaibytis
gnaibaisi, gnaibytis
gnaibosi, gnaibytis
gnaibomės, gnaibytis
gnaibotės, gnaibytis
gnaibyks, gnaibytis
gnaibykitės, gnaibytis
gnaibykimės, gnaibytis
gnaibiausi, gnaibytis
gnaibeisi, gnaibytis
gnaibėsi, gnaibytis
gnaibėmės, gnaibytis
gnaibėtės, gnaibytis
gnaibydavausi, gnaibytis
gnaibydavaisi, gnaibytis
gnaibydavosi, gnaibytis
gnaibydavomės, gnaibytis
gnaibydavotės, gnaibytis
gnaibysiusi, gnaibytis
gnaibysisi, gnaibytis
gnaibysis, gnaibytis
gnaibysimės, gnaibytis
gnaibysitės, gnaibytis
gnaibyčiausi, gnaibytis
gnaibytumeisi, gnaibytis
gnaibytųsi, gnaibytis
gnaibytu(mė)mės, gnaibytis
gnaibytu(mė)tės, gnaibytis
gniuždytis, gniuždytis
gniuždžausi, gniuždytis
gniuždaisi, gniuždytis
gniuždosi, gniuždytis
gniuždomės, gniuždytis
gniuždotės, gniuždytis
gniuždyks, gniuždytis
gniuždykitės, gniuždytis
gniuždykimės, gniuždytis
gniuždeisi, gniuždytis
gniuždėsi, gniuždytis
gniuždėmės, gniuždytis
gniuždėtės, gniuždytis
gniuždydavausi, gniuždytis
gniuždydavaisi, gniuždytis
gniuždydavosi, gniuždytis
gniuždydavomės, gniuždytis
gniuždydavotės, gniuždytis
gniuždysiusi, gniuždytis
gniuždysisi, gniuždytis
gniuždysis, gniuždytis
gniuždysimės, gniuždytis
gniuždysitės, gniuždytis
gniuždyčiausi, gniuždytis
gniuždytumeisi, gniuždytis
gniuždytųsi, gniuždytis
gniuždytu(mė)mės, gniuždytis
gniuždytu(mė)tės, gniuždytis
gniužtis, gniužtis
gniužtuosi, gniužtis
gniužtiesi, gniužtis
gniužtasi, gniužtis
gniužtamės, gniužtis
gniužtatės, gniužtis
gniužks, gniužtis
gniužkitės, gniužtis
gniužkimės, gniužtis
gniužausi, gniužtis
gniužaisi, gniužtis
gniužosi, gniužtis
gniužomės, gniužtis
gniužotės, gniužtis
gniuždavausi, gniužtis
gniuždavaisi, gniužtis
gniuždavosi, gniužtis
gniuždavomės, gniužtis
gniuždavotės, gniužtis
gniužšiusi, gniužtis
gniužšisi, gniužtis
gniužšis, gniužtis
gniužšimės, gniužtis
gniužšitės, gniužtis
gniužčiausi, gniužtis
gniužtumeisi, gniužtis
gniužtųsi, gniužtis
gniužtu(mė)mės, gniužtis
gniužtu(mė)tės, gniužtis
gnybtelėtis, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjuosi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjiesi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjasi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjamės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjatės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėks, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėkitės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėkimės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjausi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjaisi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjosi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjomės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėjotės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėdavausi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėdavaisi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėdavosi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėdavomės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėdavotės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėsiusi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėsisi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėsis, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėsimės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėsitės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėčiausi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėtumeisi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėtųsi, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėtu(mė)mės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtelėtu(mė)tės, gnybtelėtis
gnybtis, gnybtis
gnybiuosi, gnybtis
gnybiesi, gnybtis
gnybiasi, gnybtis
gnybiamės, gnybtis
gnybiatės, gnybtis
gnybks, gnybtis
gnybkitės, gnybtis
gnybkimės, gnybtis
gnybiausi, gnybtis
gnybeisi, gnybtis
gnybėsi, gnybtis
gnybėmės, gnybtis
gnybėtės, gnybtis
gnybdavausi, gnybtis
gnybdavaisi, gnybtis
gnybdavosi, gnybtis
gnybdavomės, gnybtis
gnybdavotės, gnybtis
gnybsiusi, gnybtis
gnybsisi, gnybtis
gnybsis, gnybtis
gnybsimės, gnybtis
gnybsitės, gnybtis
gnybčiausi, gnybtis
gnybtumeisi, gnybtis
gnybtųsi, gnybtis
gnybtu(mė)mės, gnybtis
gnybtu(mė)tės, gnybtis
godėtis, godėtis
godžiusi, godėtis
godisi, godėtis
godisi, godėtis
godimės, godėtis
goditės, godėtis
godėks, godėtis
godėkitės, godėtis
godėkimės, godėtis
godėjausi, godėtis
godėjaisi, godėtis
godėjosi, godėtis
godėjomės, godėtis
godėjotės, godėtis
godėdavausi, godėtis
godėdavaisi, godėtis
godėdavosi, godėtis
godėdavomės, godėtis
godėdavotės, godėtis
godėsiusi, godėtis
godėsisi, godėtis
godėsis, godėtis
godėsimės, godėtis
godėsitės, godėtis
godėčiausi, godėtis
godėtumeisi, godėtis
godėtųsi, godėtis
godėtu(mė)mės, godėtis
godėtu(mė)tės, godėtis
grabinėtis, grabinėtis
grabinėjuosi, grabinėtis
grabinėjiesi, grabinėtis
grabinėjasi, grabinėtis
grabinėjamės, grabinėtis
grabinėjatės, grabinėtis
grabinėks, grabinėtis
grabinėkitės, grabinėtis
grabinėkimės, grabinėtis
grabinėjausi, grabinėtis
grabinėjaisi, grabinėtis
grabinėjosi, grabinėtis
grabinėjomės, grabinėtis
grabinėjotės, grabinėtis
grabinėdavausi, grabinėtis
grabinėdavaisi, grabinėtis
grabinėdavosi, grabinėtis
grabinėdavomės, grabinėtis
grabinėdavotės, grabinėtis
grabinėsiusi, grabinėtis
grabinėsisi, grabinėtis
grabinėsis, grabinėtis
grabinėsimės, grabinėtis
grabinėsitės, grabinėtis
grabinėčiausi, grabinėtis
grabinėtumeisi, grabinėtis
grabinėtųsi, grabinėtis
grabinėtu(mė)mės, grabinėtis
grabinėtu(mė)tės, grabinėtis
graibytis, graibytis
graibausi, graibytis
graibaisi, graibytis
graibosi, graibytis
graibomės, graibytis
graibotės, graibytis
graibyks, graibytis
graibykitės, graibytis
graibykimės, graibytis
graibiausi, graibytis
graibeisi, graibytis
graibėsi, graibytis
graibėmės, graibytis
graibėtės, graibytis
graibydavausi, graibytis
graibydavaisi, graibytis
graibydavosi, graibytis
graibydavomės, graibytis
graibydavotės, graibytis
graibysiusi, graibytis
graibysisi, graibytis
graibysis, graibytis
graibysimės, graibytis
graibysitės, graibytis
graibyčiausi, graibytis
graibytumeisi, graibytis
graibytųsi, graibytis
graibytu(mė)mės, graibytis
graibytu(mė)tės, graibytis
gramdytis, gramdytis
gramdžausi, gramdytis
gramdaisi, gramdytis
gramdosi, gramdytis
gramdomės, gramdytis
gramdotės, gramdytis
gramdyks, gramdytis
gramdykitės, gramdytis
gramdykimės, gramdytis
gramdeisi, gramdytis
gramdėsi, gramdytis
gramdėmės, gramdytis
gramdėtės, gramdytis
gramdydavausi, gramdytis
gramdydavaisi, gramdytis
gramdydavosi, gramdytis
gramdydavomės, gramdytis
gramdydavotės, gramdytis
gramdysiusi, gramdytis
gramdysisi, gramdytis
gramdysis, gramdytis
gramdysimės, gramdytis
gramdysitės, gramdytis
gramdyčiausi, gramdytis
gramdytumeisi, gramdytis
gramdytųsi, gramdytis
gramdytu(mė)mės, gramdytis
gramdytu(mė)tės, gramdytis
grasintis, grasintis
grasinuosi, grasintis
grasiniesi, grasintis
grasinasi, grasintis
grasinamės, grasintis
grasinatės, grasintis
grasinks, grasintis
grasinkitės, grasintis
grasinkimės, grasintis
grasinausi, grasintis
grasinaisi, grasintis
grasinosi, grasintis
grasinomės, grasintis
grasinotės, grasintis
grasindavausi, grasintis
grasindavaisi, grasintis
grasindavosi, grasintis
grasindavomės, grasintis
grasindavotės, grasintis
grasinsiusi, grasintis
grasinsisi, grasintis
grasinsis, grasintis
grasinsimės, grasintis
grasinsitės, grasintis
grasinčiausi, grasintis
grasintumeisi, grasintis
grasintųsi, grasintis
grasintu(mė)mės, grasintis
grasintu(mė)tės, grasintis
graudentis, graudentis
graudenuosi, graudentis
graudeniesi, graudentis
graudenasi, graudentis
graudenamės, graudentis
graudenatės, graudentis
graudenks, graudentis
graudenkitės, graudentis
graudenkimės, graudentis
graudenausi, graudentis
graudenaisi, graudentis
graudenosi, graudentis
graudenomės, graudentis
graudenotės, graudentis
graudendavausi, graudentis
graudendavaisi, graudentis
graudendavosi, graudentis
graudendavomės, graudentis
graudendavotės, graudentis
graudensiusi, graudentis
graudensisi, graudentis
graudensis, graudentis
graudensimės, graudentis
graudensitės, graudentis
graudenčiausi, graudentis
graudentumeisi, graudentis
graudentųsi, graudentis
graudentu(mė)mės, graudentis
graudentu(mė)tės, graudentis
graudintis, graudintis
graudinuosi, graudintis
graudiniesi, graudintis
graudinasi, graudintis
graudinamės, graudintis
graudinatės, graudintis
graudinks, graudintis
graudinkitės, graudintis
graudinkimės, graudintis
graudinausi, graudintis
graudinaisi, graudintis
graudinosi, graudintis
graudinomės, graudintis
graudinotės, graudintis
graudindavausi, graudintis
graudindavaisi, graudintis
graudindavosi, graudintis
graudindavomės, graudintis
graudindavotės, graudintis
graudinsiusi, graudintis
graudinsisi, graudintis
graudinsis, graudintis
graudinsimės, graudintis
graudinsitės, graudintis
graudinčiausi, graudintis
graudintumeisi, graudintis
graudintųsi, graudintis
graudintu(mė)mės, graudintis
graudintu(mė)tės, graudintis
graužtis, graužtis
graužiuosi, graužtis
graužiesi, graužtis
graužiasi, graužtis
graužiamės, graužtis
graužiatės, graužtis
graužks, graužtis
graužkitės, graužtis
graužkimės, graužtis
graužiausi, graužtis
graužeisi, graužtis
graužėsi, graužtis
graužėmės, graužtis
graužėtės, graužtis
grauždavausi, graužtis
grauždavaisi, graužtis
grauždavosi, graužtis
grauždavomės, graužtis
grauždavotės, graužtis
graužšiusi, graužtis
graužšisi, graužtis
graužšis, graužtis
graužšimės, graužtis
graužšitės, graužtis
graužčiausi, graužtis
graužtumeisi, graužtis
graužtųsi, graužtis
graužtu(mė)mės, graužtis
graužtu(mė)tės, graužtis
graviruotis, graviruotis
graviruojuosi, graviruotis
graviruojiesi, graviruotis
graviruojasi, graviruotis
graviruojamės, graviruotis
graviruojatės, graviruotis
graviruoks, graviruotis
graviruokitės, graviruotis
graviruokimės, graviruotis
graviravausi, graviruotis
graviravaisi, graviruotis
graviravosi, graviruotis
graviravomės, graviruotis
graviravotės, graviruotis
graviruodavausi, graviruotis
graviruodavaisi, graviruotis
graviruodavosi, graviruotis
graviruodavomės, graviruotis
graviruodavotės, graviruotis
graviruosiusi, graviruotis
graviruosisi, graviruotis
graviruosis, graviruotis
graviruosimės, graviruotis
graviruositės, graviruotis
graviruočiausi, graviruotis
graviruotumeisi, graviruotis
graviruotųsi, graviruotis
graviruotu(mė)mės, graviruotis
graviruotu(mė)tės, graviruotis
gražėtis, gražėtis
gražėjuosi, gražėtis
gražėjiesi, gražėtis
gražėjasi, gražėtis
gražėjamės, gražėtis
gražėjatės, gražėtis
gražėks, gražėtis
gražėkitės, gražėtis
gražėkimės, gražėtis
gražėjausi, gražėtis
gražėjaisi, gražėtis
gražėjosi, gražėtis
gražėjomės, gražėtis
gražėjotės, gražėtis
gražėdavausi, gražėtis
gražėdavaisi, gražėtis
gražėdavosi, gražėtis
gražėdavomės, gražėtis
gražėdavotės, gražėtis
gražėsiusi, gražėtis
gražėsisi, gražėtis
gražėsis, gražėtis
gražėsimės, gražėtis
gražėsitės, gražėtis
gražėčiausi, gražėtis
gražėtumeisi, gražėtis
gražėtųsi, gražėtis
gražėtu(mė)mės, gražėtis
gražėtu(mė)tės, gražėtis
gražintis, gražintis
gražinuosi, gražintis
gražiniesi, gražintis
gražinasi, gražintis
gražinamės, gražintis
gražinatės, gražintis
gražinks, gražintis
gražinkitės, gražintis
gražinkimės, gražintis
gražinausi, gražintis
gražinaisi, gražintis
gražinosi, gražintis
gražinomės, gražintis
gražinotės, gražintis
gražindavausi, gražintis
gražindavaisi, gražintis
gražindavosi, gražintis
gražindavomės, gražintis
gražindavotės, gražintis
gražinsiusi, gražintis
gražinsisi, gražintis
gražinsis, gražintis
gražinsimės, gražintis
gražinsitės, gražintis
gražinčiausi, gražintis
gražintumeisi, gražintis
gražintųsi, gražintis
gražintu(mė)mės, gražintis
gražintu(mė)tės, gražintis
grąžintis, grąžintis
gražinuosi, grąžintis
gražiniesi, grąžintis
gražinasi, grąžintis
gražinamės, grąžintis
gražinatės, grąžintis
grąžinks, grąžintis
grąžinkitės, grąžintis
grąžinkimės, grąžintis
gražinausi, grąžintis
gražinaisi, grąžintis
gražinosi, grąžintis
gražinomės, grąžintis
gražinotės, grąžintis
grąžindavausi, grąžintis
grąžindavaisi, grąžintis
grąžindavosi, grąžintis
grąžindavomės, grąžintis
grąžindavotės, grąžintis
grąžinsiusi, grąžintis
grąžinsisi, grąžintis
grąžinsis, grąžintis
grąžinsimės, grąžintis
grąžinsitės, grąžintis
grąžinčiausi, grąžintis
grąžintumeisi, grąžintis
grąžintųsi, grąžintis
grąžintu(mė)mės, grąžintis
grąžintu(mė)tės, grąžintis
grėbtis, grėbtis
grėbiuosi, grėbtis
grėbiesi, grėbtis
grėbiasi, grėbtis
grėbiamės, grėbtis
grėbiatės, grėbtis
grėbks, grėbtis
grėbkitės, grėbtis
grėbkimės, grėbtis
grėbiausi, grėbtis
grėbeisi, grėbtis
grėbėsi, grėbtis
grėbėmės, grėbtis
grėbėtės, grėbtis
grėbdavausi, grėbtis
grėbdavaisi, grėbtis
grėbdavosi, grėbtis
grėbdavomės, grėbtis
grėbdavotės, grėbtis
grėbsiusi, grėbtis
grėbsisi, grėbtis
grėbsis, grėbtis
grėbsimės, grėbtis
grėbsitės, grėbtis
grėbčiausi, grėbtis
grėbtumeisi, grėbtis
grėbtųsi, grėbtis
grėbtu(mė)mės, grėbtis
grėbtu(mė)tės, grėbtis
greitintis, greitintis
greitinuosi, greitintis
greitiniesi, greitintis
greitinasi, greitintis
greitinamės, greitintis
greitinatės, greitintis
greitinks, greitintis
greitinkitės, greitintis
greitinkimės, greitintis
greitinausi, greitintis
greitinaisi, greitintis
greitinosi, greitintis
greitinomės, greitintis
greitinotės, greitintis
greitindavausi, greitintis
greitindavaisi, greitintis
greitindavosi, greitintis
greitindavomės, greitintis
greitindavotės, greitintis
greitinsiusi, greitintis
greitinsisi, greitintis
greitinsis, greitintis
greitinsimės, greitintis
greitinsitės, greitintis
greitinčiausi, greitintis
greitintumeisi, greitintis
greitintųsi, greitintis
greitintu(mė)mės, greitintis
greitintu(mė)tės, greitintis
grėstis, grėstis
gresiuosi, grėstis
gresiesi, grėstis
gresiasi, grėstis
gresiamės, grėstis
gresiatės, grėstis
grėsks, grėstis
grėskitės, grėstis
grėskimės, grėstis
grėsiausi, grėstis
grėseisi, grėstis
grėsėsi, grėstis
grėsėmės, grėstis
grėsėtės, grėstis
grėsdavausi, grėstis
grėsdavaisi, grėstis
grėsdavosi, grėstis
grėsdavomės, grėstis
grėsdavotės, grėstis
grėsiusi, grėstis
grėsisi, grėstis
grėsis, grėstis
grėsimės, grėstis
grėsitės, grėstis
grėsčiausi, grėstis
grėstumeisi, grėstis
grėstųsi, grėstis
grėstu(mė)mės, grėstis
grėstu(mė)tės, grėstis
gręžtis, gręžtis
gręžiuosi, gręžtis
gręžiesi, gręžtis
gręžiasi, gręžtis
gręžiamės, gręžtis
gręžiatės, gręžtis
gręžks, gręžtis
gręžkitės, gręžtis
gręžkimės, gręžtis
gręžiausi, gręžtis
gręžeisi, gręžtis
gręžėsi, gręžtis
gręžėmės, gręžtis
gręžėtės, gręžtis
gręždavausi, gręžtis
gręždavaisi, gręžtis
gręždavosi, gręžtis
gręždavomės, gręžtis
gręždavotės, gręžtis
gręžšiusi, gręžtis
gręžšisi, gręžtis
gręžšis, gręžtis
gręžšimės, gręžtis
gręžšitės, gręžtis
gręžčiausi, gręžtis
gręžtumeisi, gręžtis
gręžtųsi, gręžtis
gręžtu(mė)mės, gręžtis
gręžtu(mė)tės, gręžtis
griaudėtis, griaudėtis
griaudėjuosi, griaudėtis
griaudėjiesi, griaudėtis
griaudėjasi, griaudėtis
griaudėjamės, griaudėtis
griaudėjatės, griaudėtis
griaudėks, griaudėtis
griaudėkitės, griaudėtis
griaudėkimės, griaudėtis
griaudėjausi, griaudėtis
griaudėjaisi, griaudėtis
griaudėjosi, griaudėtis
griaudėjomės, griaudėtis
griaudėjotės, griaudėtis
griaudėdavausi, griaudėtis
griaudėdavaisi, griaudėtis
griaudėdavosi, griaudėtis
griaudėdavomės, griaudėtis
griaudėdavotės, griaudėtis
griaudėsiusi, griaudėtis
griaudėsisi, griaudėtis
griaudėsis, griaudėtis
griaudėsimės, griaudėtis
griaudėsitės, griaudėtis
griaudėčiausi, griaudėtis
griaudėtumeisi, griaudėtis
griaudėtųsi, griaudėtis
griaudėtu(mė)mės, griaudėtis
griaudėtu(mė)tės, griaudėtis
griaustis, griaustis
griaudžiuosi, griaustis
griaudžiesi, griaustis
griaudžiasi, griaustis
griaudžiamės, griaustis
griaudžiatės, griaustis
griausks, griaustis
griauskitės, griaustis
griauskimės, griaustis
griaudeisi, griaustis
griaudėsi, griaustis
griaudėmės, griaustis
griaudėtės, griaustis
griausdavausi, griaustis
griausdavaisi, griaustis
griausdavosi, griaustis
griausdavomės, griaustis
griausdavotės, griaustis
griausiusi, griaustis
griausisi, griaustis
griausis, griaustis
griausimės, griaustis
griausitės, griaustis
griausčiausi, griaustis
griaustumeisi, griaustis
griaustųsi, griaustis
griaustu(mė)mės, griaustis
griaustu(mė)tės, griaustis
griautis, griautis
griaunuosi, griautis
griauniesi, griautis
griaunasi, griautis
griaunamės, griautis
griaunatės, griautis
griauks, griautis
griaukitės, griautis
griaukimės, griautis
grioviausi, griautis
grioveisi, griautis
griovėsi, griautis
griovėmės, griautis
griovėtės, griautis
griaudavausi, griautis
griaudavaisi, griautis
griaudavosi, griautis
griaudavomės, griautis
griaudavotės, griautis
griausiusi, griautis
griausisi, griautis
griausis, griautis
griausimės, griautis
griausitės, griautis
griaučiausi, griautis
griautumeisi, griautis
griautųsi, griautis
griautu(mė)mės, griautis
griautu(mė)tės, griautis
griebtis, griebtis
griebiuosi, griebtis
griebiesi, griebtis
griebiasi, griebtis
griebiamės, griebtis
griebiatės, griebtis
griebks, griebtis
griebkitės, griebtis
griebkimės, griebtis
griebiausi, griebtis
griebeisi, griebtis
griebėsi, griebtis
griebėmės, griebtis
griebėtės, griebtis
griebdavausi, griebtis
griebdavaisi, griebtis
griebdavosi, griebtis
griebdavomės, griebtis
griebdavotės, griebtis
griebsiusi, griebtis
griebsisi, griebtis
griebsis, griebtis
griebsimės, griebtis
griebsitės, griebtis
griebčiausi, griebtis
griebtumeisi, griebtis
griebtųsi, griebtis
griebtu(mė)mės, griebtis
griebtu(mė)tės, griebtis
grietis, grietis
griejuosi, grietis
griejiesi, grietis
griejasi, grietis
griejamės, grietis
griejatės, grietis
grieks, grietis
griekitės, grietis
griekimės, grietis
griejausi, grietis
griejaisi, grietis
griejosi, grietis
griejomės, grietis
griejotės, grietis
griedavausi, grietis
griedavaisi, grietis
griedavosi, grietis
griedavomės, grietis
griedavotės, grietis
griesiusi, grietis
griesisi, grietis
griesis, grietis
griesimės, grietis
griesitės, grietis
griečiausi, grietis
grietumeisi, grietis
grietųsi, grietis
grietu(mė)mės, grietis
grietu(mė)tės, grietis
griežtis, griežtis
griežiuosi, griežtis
griežiesi, griežtis
griežiasi, griežtis
griežiamės, griežtis
griežiatės, griežtis
griežks, griežtis
griežkitės, griežtis
griežkimės, griežtis
griežiausi, griežtis
griežeisi, griežtis
griežėsi, griežtis
griežėmės, griežtis
griežėtės, griežtis
grieždavausi, griežtis
grieždavaisi, griežtis
grieždavosi, griežtis
grieždavomės, griežtis
grieždavotės, griežtis
griežšiusi, griežtis
griežšisi, griežtis
griežšis, griežtis
griežšimės, griežtis
griežšitės, griežtis
griežčiausi, griežtis
griežtumeisi, griežtis
griežtųsi, griežtis
griežtu(mė)mės, griežtis
griežtu(mė)tės, griežtis
griežtintis, griežtintis
griežtinuosi, griežtintis
griežtiniesi, griežtintis
griežtinasi, griežtintis
griežtinamės, griežtintis
griežtinatės, griežtintis
griežtinks, griežtintis
griežtinkitės, griežtintis
griežtinkimės, griežtintis
griežtinausi, griežtintis
griežtinaisi, griežtintis
griežtinosi, griežtintis
griežtinomės, griežtintis
griežtinotės, griežtintis
griežtindavausi, griežtintis
griežtindavaisi, griežtintis
griežtindavosi, griežtintis
griežtindavomės, griežtintis
griežtindavotės, griežtintis
griežtinsiusi, griežtintis
griežtinsisi, griežtintis
griežtinsis, griežtintis
griežtinsimės, griežtintis
griežtinsitės, griežtintis
griežtinčiausi, griežtintis
griežtintumeisi, griežtintis
griežtintųsi, griežtintis
griežtintu(mė)mės, griežtintis
griežtintu(mė)tės, griežtintis
grimtis, grimtis
grimuosi, grimtis
grimiesi, grimtis
grimasi, grimtis
grimamės, grimtis
grimatės, grimtis
grimks, grimtis
grimkitės, grimtis
grimkimės, grimtis
grimausi, grimtis
grimaisi, grimtis
grimosi, grimtis
grimomės, grimtis
grimotės, grimtis
grimdavausi, grimtis
grimdavaisi, grimtis
grimdavosi, grimtis
grimdavomės, grimtis
grimdavotės, grimtis
grimsiusi, grimtis
grimsisi, grimtis
grimsis, grimtis
grimsimės, grimtis
grimsitės, grimtis
grimčiausi, grimtis
grimtumeisi, grimtis
grimtųsi, grimtis
grimtu(mė)mės, grimtis
grimtu(mė)tės, grimtis
grimuotis, grimuotis
grimuojuosi, grimuotis
grimuojiesi, grimuotis
grimuojasi, grimuotis
grimuojamės, grimuotis
grimuojatės, grimuotis
grimuoks, grimuotis
grimuokitės, grimuotis
grimuokimės, grimuotis
grimavausi, grimuotis
grimavaisi, grimuotis
grimavosi, grimuotis
grimavomės, grimuotis
grimavotės, grimuotis
grimuodavausi, grimuotis
grimuodavaisi, grimuotis
grimuodavosi, grimuotis
grimuodavomės, grimuotis
grimuodavotės, grimuotis
grimuosiusi, grimuotis
grimuosisi, grimuotis
grimuosis, grimuotis
grimuosimės, grimuotis
grimuositės, grimuotis
grimuočiausi, grimuotis
grimuotumeisi, grimuotis
grimuotųsi, grimuotis
grimuotu(mė)mės, grimuotis
grimuotu(mė)tės, grimuotis
grimztis, grimztis
grimztuosi, grimztis
grimztiesi, grimztis
grimztasi, grimztis
grimztamės, grimztis
grimztatės, grimztis
grimzks, grimztis
grimzkitės, grimztis
grimzkimės, grimztis
grimzdausi, grimztis
grimzdaisi, grimztis
grimzdosi, grimztis
grimzdomės, grimztis
grimzdotės, grimztis
grimzdavausi, grimztis
grimzdavaisi, grimztis
grimzdavosi, grimztis
grimzdavomės, grimztis
grimzdavotės, grimztis
grimzsiusi, grimztis
grimzsisi, grimztis
grimzsis, grimztis
grimzsimės, grimztis
grimzsitės, grimztis
grimzčiausi, grimztis
grimztumeisi, grimztis
grimztųsi, grimztis
grimztu(mė)mės, grimztis
grimztu(mė)tės, grimztis
grįstis, grįstis
grindžiuosi, grįstis
grindžiesi, grįstis
grindžiasi, grįstis
grindžiamės, grįstis
grindžiatės, grįstis
grįsks, grįstis
grįskitės, grįstis
grįskimės, grįstis
grindeisi, grįstis
grindėsi, grįstis
grindėmės, grįstis
grindėtės, grįstis
grįsdavausi, grįstis
grįsdavaisi, grįstis
grįsdavosi, grįstis
grįsdavomės, grįstis
grįsdavotės, grįstis
grįsiusi, grįstis
grįsisi, grįstis
grįsis, grįstis
grįsimės, grįstis
grįsitės, grįstis
grįsčiausi, grįstis
grįstumeisi, grįstis
grįstųsi, grįstis
grįstu(mė)mės, grįstis
grįstu(mė)tės, grįstis
griūtis, griūtis
griūvuosi, griūtis
griūviesi, griūtis
griūvasi, griūtis
griūvamės, griūtis
griūvatės, griūtis
griūks, griūtis
griūkitės, griūtis
griūkimės, griūtis
griuvausi, griūtis
griuvaisi, griūtis
griuvosi, griūtis
griuvomės, griūtis
griuvotės, griūtis
griūdavausi, griūtis
griūdavaisi, griūtis
griūdavosi, griūtis
griūdavomės, griūtis
griūdavotės, griūtis
griūsiusi, griūtis
griūsisi, griūtis
griusis, griūtis
griūsimės, griūtis
griūsitės, griūtis
griūčiausi, griūtis
griūtumeisi, griūtis
griūtųsi, griūtis
griūtu(mė)mės, griūtis
griūtu(mė)tės, griūtis
grįžtis, grįžtis
grįžtuosi, grįžtis
grįžtiesi, grįžtis
grįžtasi, grįžtis
grįžtamės, grįžtis
grįžtatės, grįžtis
grįžks, grįžtis
grįžkitės, grįžtis
grįžkimės, grįžtis
grįžausi, grįžtis
grįžaisi, grįžtis
grįžosi, grįžtis
grįžomės, grįžtis
grįžotės, grįžtis
grįždavausi, grįžtis
grįždavaisi, grįžtis
grįždavosi, grįžtis
grįždavomės, grįžtis
grįždavotės, grįžtis
grįžšiusi, grįžtis
grįžšisi, grįžtis
grįžšis, grįžtis
grįžšimės, grįžtis
grįžšitės, grįžtis
grįžčiausi, grįžtis
grįžtumeisi, grįžtis
grįžtųsi, grįžtis
grįžtu(mė)mės, grįžtis
grįžtu(mė)tės, grįžtis
griztis, griztis
gryztuosi, griztis
gryztiesi, griztis
gryztasi, griztis
gryztamės, griztis
gryztatės, griztis
grizks, griztis
grizkitės, griztis
grizkimės, griztis
grizausi, griztis
grizaisi, griztis
grizosi, griztis
grizomės, griztis
grizotės, griztis
grizdavausi, griztis
grizdavaisi, griztis
grizdavosi, griztis
grizdavomės, griztis
grizdavotės, griztis
grizsiusi, griztis
grizsisi, griztis
grizsis, griztis
grizsimės, griztis
grizsitės, griztis
grizčiausi, griztis
griztumeisi, griztis
griztųsi, griztis
griztu(mė)mės, griztis
griztu(mė)tės, griztis
grobstytis, grobstytis
grobstausi, grobstytis
grobstaisi, grobstytis
grobstosi, grobstytis
grobstomės, grobstytis
grobstotės, grobstytis
grobstyks, grobstytis
grobstykitės, grobstytis
grobstykimės, grobstytis
grobsteisi, grobstytis
grobstėsi, grobstytis
grobstėmės, grobstytis
grobstėtės, grobstytis
grobstydavausi, grobstytis
grobstydavaisi, grobstytis
grobstydavosi, grobstytis
grobstydavomės, grobstytis
grobstydavotės, grobstytis
grobstysiusi, grobstytis
grobstysisi, grobstytis
grobstysis, grobstytis
grobstysimės, grobstytis
grobstysitės, grobstytis
grobstyčiausi, grobstytis
grobstytumeisi, grobstytis
grobstytųsi, grobstytis
grobstytu(mė)mės, grobstytis
grobstytu(mė)tės, grobstytis
grobtis, grobtis
grobiuosi, grobtis
grobiesi, grobtis
grobiasi, grobtis
grobiamės, grobtis
grobiatės, grobtis
grobks, grobtis
grobkitės, grobtis
grobkimės, grobtis
grobiausi, grobtis
grobeisi, grobtis
grobėsi, grobtis
grobėmės, grobtis
grobėtės, grobtis
grobdavausi, grobtis
grobdavaisi, grobtis
grobdavosi, grobtis
grobdavomės, grobtis
grobdavotės, grobtis
grobsiusi, grobtis
grobsisi, grobtis
grobsis, grobtis
grobsimės, grobtis
grobsitės, grobtis
grobčiausi, grobtis
grobtumeisi, grobtis
grobtųsi, grobtis
grobtu(mė)mės, grobtis
grobtu(mė)tės, grobtis
grotis, grotis
grojuosi, grotis
grojiesi, grotis
grojasi, grotis
grojamės, grotis
grojatės, grotis
groks, grotis
grokitės, grotis
grokimės, grotis
grojausi, grotis
grojaisi, grotis
grojosi, grotis
grojomės, grotis
grojotės, grotis
grodavausi, grotis
grodavaisi, grotis
grodavosi, grotis
grodavomės, grotis
grodavotės, grotis
grosiusi, grotis
grosisi, grotis
grosis, grotis
grosimės, grotis
grositės, grotis
gročiausi, grotis
grotumeisi, grotis
grotųsi, grotis
grotu(mė)mės, grotis
grotu(mė)tės, grotis
grūdintis, grūdintis
grūdinuosi, grūdintis
grūdiniesi, grūdintis
grūdinasi, grūdintis
grūdinamės, grūdintis
grūdinatės, grūdintis
grūdinks, grūdintis
grūdinkitės, grūdintis
grūdinkimės, grūdintis
grūdinausi, grūdintis
grūdinaisi, grūdintis
grūdinosi, grūdintis
grūdinomės, grūdintis
grūdinotės, grūdintis
grūdindavausi, grūdintis
grūdindavaisi, grūdintis
grūdindavosi, grūdintis
grūdindavomės, grūdintis
grūdindavotės, grūdintis
grūdinsiusi, grūdintis
grūdinsisi, grūdintis
grūdinsis, grūdintis
grūdinsimės, grūdintis
grūdinsitės, grūdintis
grūdinčiausi, grūdintis
grūdintumeisi, grūdintis
grūdintųsi, grūdintis
grūdintu(mė)mės, grūdintis
grūdintu(mė)tės, grūdintis
grūmotis, grūmotis
grūmojuosi, grūmotis
grūmojiesi, grūmotis
grūmojasi, grūmotis
grūmojamės, grūmotis
grūmojatės, grūmotis
grūmoks, grūmotis
grūmokitės, grūmotis
grūmokimės, grūmotis
grūmojausi, grūmotis
grūmojaisi, grūmotis
grūmojosi, grūmotis
grūmojomės, grūmotis
grūmojotės, grūmotis
grūmodavausi, grūmotis
grūmodavaisi, grūmotis
grūmodavosi, grūmotis
grūmodavomės, grūmotis
grūmodavotės, grūmotis
grūmosiusi, grūmotis
grūmosisi, grūmotis
grūmosis, grūmotis
grūmosimės, grūmotis
grūmositės, grūmotis
grūmočiausi, grūmotis
grūmotumeisi, grūmotis
grūmotųsi, grūmotis
grūmotu(mė)mės, grūmotis
grūmotu(mė)tės, grūmotis
grūstis, grūstis
grūstuosi, grūstis
grūstiesi, grūstis
grūstasi, grūstis
grūstamės, grūstis
grūstatės, grūstis
grūsks, grūstis
grūskitės, grūstis
grūskimės, grūstis
grūdausi, grūstis
grūdaisi, grūstis
grūdosi, grūstis
grūdomės, grūstis
grūdotės, grūstis
grūsdavausi, grūstis
grūsdavaisi, grūstis
grūsdavosi, grūstis
grūsdavomės, grūstis
grūsdavotės, grūstis
grūsiusi, grūstis
grūsisi, grūstis
grūsis, grūstis
grūsimės, grūstis
grūsitės, grūstis
grūsčiausi, grūstis
grūstumeisi, grūstis
grūstųsi, grūstis
grūstu(mė)mės, grūstis
grūstu(mė)tės, grūstis
grybautis, grybautis
grybaujuosi, grybautis
grybaujiesi, grybautis
grybaujasi, grybautis
grybaujamės, grybautis
grybaujatės, grybautis
grybauks, grybautis
grybaukitės, grybautis
grybaukimės, grybautis
grybavausi, grybautis
grybavaisi, grybautis
grybavosi, grybautis
grybavomės, grybautis
grybavotės, grybautis
grybaudavausi, grybautis
grybaudavaisi, grybautis
grybaudavosi, grybautis
grybaudavomės, grybautis
grybaudavotės, grybautis
grybausiusi, grybautis
grybausisi, grybautis
grybausis, grybautis
grybausimės, grybautis
grybausitės, grybautis
grybaučiausi, grybautis
grybautumeisi, grybautis
grybautųsi, grybautis
grybautu(mė)mės, grybautis
grybautu(mė)tės, grybautis
grybštelėtis, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjuosi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjiesi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjasi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjamės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjatės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėks, grybštelėtis
grybštelėkitės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėkimės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjausi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjaisi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjosi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjomės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėjotės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėdavausi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėdavaisi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėdavosi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėdavomės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėdavotės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėsiusi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėsisi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėsis, grybštelėtis
grybštelėsimės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėsitės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėčiausi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėtumeisi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėtųsi, grybštelėtis
grybštelėtu(mė)mės, grybštelėtis
grybštelėtu(mė)tės, grybštelėtis
gudrautis, gudrautis
gudraujuosi, gudrautis
gudraujiesi, gudrautis
gudraujasi, gudrautis
gudraujamės, gudrautis
gudraujatės, gudrautis
gudrauks, gudrautis
gudraukitės, gudrautis
gudraukimės, gudrautis
gudravausi, gudrautis
gudravaisi, gudrautis
gudravosi, gudrautis
gudravomės, gudrautis
gudravotės, gudrautis
gudraudavausi, gudrautis
gudraudavaisi, gudrautis
gudraudavosi, gudrautis
gudraudavomės, gudrautis
gudraudavotės, gudrautis
gudrausiusi, gudrautis
gudrausisi, gudrautis
gudrausis, gudrautis
gudrausimės, gudrautis
gudrausitės, gudrautis
gudraučiausi, gudrautis
gudrautumeisi, gudrautis
gudrautųsi, gudrautis
gudrautu(mė)mės, gudrautis
gudrautu(mė)tės, gudrautis
gudrėtis, gudrėtis
gudrėjuosi, gudrėtis
gudrėjiesi, gudrėtis
gudrėjasi, gudrėtis
gudrėjamės, gudrėtis
gudrėjatės, gudrėtis
gudrėks, gudrėtis
gudrėkitės, gudrėtis
gudrėkimės, gudrėtis
gudrėjausi, gudrėtis
gudrėjaisi, gudrėtis
gudrėjosi, gudrėtis
gudrėjomės, gudrėtis
gudrėjotės, gudrėtis
gudrėdavausi, gudrėtis
gudrėdavaisi, gudrėtis
gudrėdavosi, gudrėtis
gudrėdavomės, gudrėtis
gudrėdavotės, gudrėtis
gudrėsiusi, gudrėtis
gudrėsisi, gudrėtis
gudrėsis, gudrėtis
gudrėsimės, gudrėtis
gudrėsitės, gudrėtis
gudrėčiausi, gudrėtis
gudrėtumeisi, gudrėtis
gudrėtųsi, gudrėtis
gudrėtu(mė)mės, gudrėtis
gudrėtu(mė)tės, gudrėtis
guglintis, guglintis
guglinuosi, guglintis
gugliniesi, guglintis
guglinasi, guglintis
guglinamės, guglintis
guglinatės, guglintis
guglinks, guglintis
guglinkitės, guglintis
guglinkimės, guglintis
guglinausi, guglintis
guglinaisi, guglintis
guglinosi, guglintis
guglinomės, guglintis
guglinotės, guglintis
guglindavausi, guglintis
guglindavaisi, guglintis
guglindavosi, guglintis
guglindavomės, guglintis
guglindavotės, guglintis
guglinsiusi, guglintis
guglinsisi, guglintis
guglinsis, guglintis
guglinsimės, guglintis
guglinsitės, guglintis
guglinčiausi, guglintis
guglintumeisi, guglintis
guglintųsi, guglintis
guglintu(mė)mės, guglintis
guglintu(mė)tės, guglintis
gugtis, gugtis
gunguosi, gugtis
gungiesi, gugtis
gungasi, gugtis
gungamės, gugtis
gungatės, gugtis
guks, gugtis
gukitės, gugtis
gukimės, gugtis
gugausi, gugtis
gugaisi, gugtis
gugosi, gugtis
gugomės, gugtis
gugotės, gugtis
gugdavausi, gugtis
gugdavaisi, gugtis
gugdavosi, gugtis
gugdavomės, gugtis
gugdavotės, gugtis
gugsiusi, gugtis
gugsisi, gugtis
gugsis, gugtis
gugsimės, gugtis
gugsitės, gugtis
gugčiausi, gugtis
gugtumeisi, gugtis
gugtųsi, gugtis
gugtu(mė)mės, gugtis
gugtu(mė)tės, gugtis
guldytis, guldytis
guldžausi, guldytis
guldaisi, guldytis
guldosi, guldytis
guldomės, guldytis
guldotės, guldytis
guldyks, guldytis
guldykitės, guldytis
guldykimės, guldytis
guldeisi, guldytis
guldėsi, guldytis
guldėmės, guldytis
guldėtės, guldytis
guldydavausi, guldytis
guldydavaisi, guldytis
guldydavosi, guldytis
guldydavomės, guldytis
guldydavotės, guldytis
guldysiusi, guldytis
guldysisi, guldytis
guldysis, guldytis
guldysimės, guldytis
guldysitės, guldytis
guldyčiausi, guldytis
guldytumeisi, guldytis
guldytųsi, guldytis
guldytu(mė)mės, guldytis
guldytu(mė)tės, guldytis
gulėtis, gulėtis
guliusi, gulėtis
gulisi, gulėtis
gulisi, gulėtis
gulimės, gulėtis
gulitės, gulėtis
gulėks, gulėtis
gulėkitės, gulėtis
gulėkimės, gulėtis
gulėjausi, gulėtis
gulėjaisi, gulėtis
gulėjosi, gulėtis
gulėjomės, gulėtis
gulėjotės, gulėtis
gulėdavausi, gulėtis
gulėdavaisi, gulėtis
gulėdavosi, gulėtis
gulėdavomės, gulėtis
gulėdavotės, gulėtis
gulėsiusi, gulėtis
gulėsisi, gulėtis
gulėsis, gulėtis
gulėsimės, gulėtis
gulėsitės, gulėtis
gulėčiausi, gulėtis
gulėtumeisi, gulėtis
gulėtųsi, gulėtis
gulėtu(mė)mės, gulėtis
gulėtu(mė)tės, gulėtis
gultis, gultis
guluosi, gultis
guliesi, gultis
gulasi, gultis
gulamės, gultis
gulatės, gultis
gulks, gultis
gulkitės, gultis
gulkimės, gultis
guliausi, gultis
guleisi, gultis
gulėsi, gultis
gulėmės, gultis
gulėtės, gultis
guldavausi, gultis
guldavaisi, gultis
guldavosi, gultis
guldavomės, gultis
guldavotės, gultis
gulsiusi, gultis
gulsisi, gultis
gulsis, gultis
gulsimės, gultis
gulsitės, gultis
gulčiausi, gultis
gultumeisi, gultis
gultųsi, gultis
gultu(mė)mės, gultis
gultu(mė)tės, gultis
gundytis, gundytis
gundžausi, gundytis
gundaisi, gundytis
gundosi, gundytis
gundomės, gundytis
gundotės, gundytis
gundyks, gundytis
gundykitės, gundytis
gundykimės, gundytis
gundeisi, gundytis
gundėsi, gundytis
gundėmės, gundytis
gundėtės, gundytis
gundydavausi, gundytis
gundydavaisi, gundytis
gundydavosi, gundytis
gundydavomės, gundytis
gundydavotės, gundytis
gundysiusi, gundytis
gundysisi, gundytis
gundysis, gundytis
gundysimės, gundytis
gundysitės, gundytis
gundyčiausi, gundytis
gundytumeisi, gundytis
gundytųsi, gundytis
gundytu(mė)mės, gundytis
gundytu(mė)tės, gundytis
guostis, guostis
guodžiuosi, guostis
guodžiesi, guostis
guodžiasi, guostis
guodžiamės, guostis
guodžiatės, guostis
guosks, guostis
guoskitės, guostis
guoskimės, guostis
guodeisi, guostis
guodėsi, guostis
guodėmės, guostis
guodėtės, guostis
guosdavausi, guostis
guosdavaisi, guostis
guosdavosi, guostis
guosdavomės, guostis
guosdavotės, guostis
guosiusi, guostis
guosisi, guostis
guosis, guostis
guosimės, guostis
guositės, guostis
guosčiausi, guostis
guostumeisi, guostis
guostųsi, guostis
guostu(mė)mės, guostis
guostu(mė)tės, guostis
gurkšnotis, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojuosi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojiesi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojasi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojamės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojatės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnoks, gurkšnotis
gurkšnokitės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnokimės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojausi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojaisi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojosi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojomės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnojotės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnodavausi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnodavaisi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnodavosi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnodavomės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnodavotės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnosiusi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnosisi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnosis, gurkšnotis
gurkšnosimės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnositės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnočiausi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnotumeisi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnotųsi, gurkšnotis
gurkšnotu(mė)mės, gurkšnotis
gurkšnotu(mė)tės, gurkšnotis
gvertis, gvertis
gvęruosi, gvertis
gvęriesi, gvertis
gvęrasi, gvertis
gvęramės, gvertis
gvęratės, gvertis
gverks, gvertis
gverkitės, gvertis
gverkimės, gvertis
gverausi, gvertis
gveraisi, gvertis
gverosi, gvertis
gveromės, gvertis
gverotės, gvertis
gverdavausi, gvertis
gverdavaisi, gvertis
gverdavosi, gvertis
gverdavomės, gvertis
gverdavotės, gvertis
gversiusi, gvertis
gversisi, gvertis
gversis, gvertis
gversimės, gvertis
gversitės, gvertis
gverčiausi, gvertis
gvertumeisi, gvertis
gvertųsi, gvertis
gvertu(mė)mės, gvertis
gvertu(mė)tės, gvertis
gvildentis, gvildentis
gvildenuosi, gvildentis
gvildeniesi, gvildentis
gvildenasi, gvildentis
gvildenamės, gvildentis
gvildenatės, gvildentis
gvildenks, gvildentis
gvildenkitės, gvildentis
gvildenkimės, gvildentis
gvildenausi, gvildentis
gvildenaisi, gvildentis
gvildenosi, gvildentis
gvildenomės, gvildentis
gvildenotės, gvildentis
gvildendavausi, gvildentis
gvildendavaisi, gvildentis
gvildendavosi, gvildentis
gvildendavomės, gvildentis
gvildendavotės, gvildentis
gvildensiusi, gvildentis
gvildensisi, gvildentis
gvildensis, gvildentis
gvildensimės, gvildentis
gvildensitės, gvildentis
gvildenčiausi, gvildentis
gvildentumeisi, gvildentis
gvildentųsi, gvildentis
gvildentu(mė)mės, gvildentis
gvildentu(mė)tės, gvildentis
gydytis, gydytis
gydžausi, gydytis
gydaisi, gydytis
gydosi, gydytis
gydomės, gydytis
gydotės, gydytis
gydyks, gydytis
gydykitės, gydytis
gydykimės, gydytis
gydeisi, gydytis
gydėsi, gydytis
gydėmės, gydytis
gydėtės, gydytis
gydydavausi, gydytis
gydydavaisi, gydytis
gydydavosi, gydytis
gydydavomės, gydytis
gydydavotės, gydytis
gydysiusi, gydytis
gydysisi, gydytis
gydysis, gydytis
gydysimės, gydytis
gydysitės, gydytis
gydyčiausi, gydytis
gydytumeisi, gydytis
gydytųsi, gydytis
gydytu(mė)mės, gydytis
gydytu(mė)tės, gydytis
gytis, gytis
gyjuosi, gytis
gyjiesi, gytis
gyjasi, gytis
gyjamės, gytis
gyjatės, gytis
gyks, gytis
gykitės, gytis
gykimės, gytis
gijausi, gytis
gijaisi, gytis
gijosi, gytis
gijomės, gytis
gijotės, gytis
gydavausi, gytis
gydavaisi, gytis
gydavosi, gytis
gydavomės, gytis
gydavotės, gytis
gysiusi, gytis
gysisi, gytis
gisis, gytis
gysimės, gytis
gysitės, gytis
gyčiausi, gytis
gytumeisi, gytis
gytųsi, gytis
gytu(mė)mės, gytis
gytu(mė)tės, gytis
gyventis, gyventis
gyvenuosi, gyventis
gyveniesi, gyventis
gyvenasi, gyventis
gyvenamės, gyventis
gyvenatės, gyventis
gyvenks, gyventis
gyvenkitės, gyventis
gyvenkimės, gyventis
gyvenausi, gyventis
gyvenaisi, gyventis
gyvenosi, gyventis
gyvenomės, gyventis
gyvenotės, gyventis
gyvendavausi, gyventis
gyvendavaisi, gyventis
gyvendavosi, gyventis
gyvendavomės, gyventis
gyvendavotės, gyventis
gyvensiusi, gyventis
gyvensisi, gyventis
gyvensis, gyventis
gyvensimės, gyventis
gyvensitės, gyventis
gyvenčiausi, gyventis
gyventumeisi, gyventis
gyventųsi, gyventis
gyventu(mė)mės, gyventis
gyventu(mė)tės, gyventis
gyvėtis, gyvėtis
gyvėjuosi, gyvėtis
gyvėjiesi, gyvėtis
gyvėjasi, gyvėtis
gyvėjamės, gyvėtis
gyvėjatės, gyvėtis
gyvėks, gyvėtis
gyvėkitės, gyvėtis
gyvėkimės, gyvėtis
gyvėjausi, gyvėtis
gyvėjaisi, gyvėtis
gyvėjosi, gyvėtis
gyvėjomės, gyvėtis
gyvėjotės, gyvėtis
gyvėdavausi, gyvėtis
gyvėdavaisi, gyvėtis
gyvėdavosi, gyvėtis
gyvėdavomės, gyvėtis
gyvėdavotės, gyvėtis
gyvėsiusi, gyvėtis
gyvėsisi, gyvėtis
gyvėsis, gyvėtis
gyvėsimės, gyvėtis
gyvėsitės, gyvėtis
gyvėčiausi, gyvėtis
gyvėtumeisi, gyvėtis
gyvėtųsi, gyvėtis
gyvėtu(mė)mės, gyvėtis
gyvėtu(mė)tės, gyvėtis
gyvintis, gyvintis
gyvinuosi, gyvintis
gyviniesi, gyvintis
gyvinasi, gyvintis
gyvinamės, gyvintis
gyvinatės, gyvintis
gyvinks, gyvintis
gyvinkitės, gyvintis
gyvinkimės, gyvintis
gyvinausi, gyvintis
gyvinaisi, gyvintis
gyvinosi, gyvintis
gyvinomės, gyvintis
gyvinotės, gyvintis
gyvindavausi, gyvintis
gyvindavaisi, gyvintis
gyvindavosi, gyvintis
gyvindavomės, gyvintis
gyvindavotės, gyvintis
gyvinsiusi, gyvintis
gyvinsisi, gyvintis
gyvinsis, gyvintis
gyvinsimės, gyvintis
gyvinsitės, gyvintis
gyvinčiausi, gyvintis
gyvintumeisi, gyvintis
gyvintųsi, gyvintis
gyvintu(mė)mės, gyvintis
gyvintu(mė)tės, gyvintis
gyvuotis, gyvuotis
gyvuojuosi, gyvuotis
gyvuojiesi, gyvuotis
gyvuojasi, gyvuotis
gyvuojamės, gyvuotis
gyvuojatės, gyvuotis
gyvuoks, gyvuotis
gyvuokitės, gyvuotis
gyvuokimės, gyvuotis
gyvavausi, gyvuotis
gyvavaisi, gyvuotis
gyvavosi, gyvuotis
gyvavomės, gyvuotis
gyvavotės, gyvuotis
gyvuodavausi, gyvuotis
gyvuodavaisi, gyvuotis
gyvuodavosi, gyvuotis
gyvuodavomės, gyvuotis
gyvuodavotės, gyvuotis
gyvuosiusi, gyvuotis
gyvuosisi, gyvuotis
gyvuosis, gyvuotis
gyvuosimės, gyvuotis
gyvuositės, gyvuotis
gyvuočiausi, gyvuotis
gyvuotumeisi, gyvuotis
gyvuotųsi, gyvuotis
gyvuotu(mė)mės, gyvuotis
gyvuotu(mė)tės, gyvuotis
hipnotizuotis, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuojuosi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuojiesi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuojasi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuojamės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuojatės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuoks, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuokitės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuokimės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizavausi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizavaisi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizavosi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizavomės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizavotės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuodavausi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuodavaisi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuodavosi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuodavomės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuodavotės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuosiusi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuosisi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuosis, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuosimės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuositės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuočiausi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuotumeisi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuotųsi, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuotu(mė)mės, hipnotizuotis
hipnotizuotu(mė)tės, hipnotizuotis
identifikuotis, identifikuotis
identifikuojuosi, identifikuotis
identifikuojiesi, identifikuotis
identifikuojasi, identifikuotis
identifikuojamės, identifikuotis
identifikuojatės, identifikuotis
identifikuoks, identifikuotis
identifikuokitės, identifikuotis
identifikuokimės, identifikuotis
identifikavausi, identifikuotis
identifikavaisi, identifikuotis
identifikavosi, identifikuotis
identifikavomės, identifikuotis
identifikavotės, identifikuotis
identifikuodavausi, identifikuotis
identifikuodavaisi, identifikuotis
identifikuodavosi, identifikuotis
identifikuodavomės, identifikuotis
identifikuodavotės, identifikuotis
identifikuosiusi, identifikuotis
identifikuosisi, identifikuotis
identifikuosis, identifikuotis
identifikuosimės, identifikuotis
identifikuositės, identifikuotis
identifikuočiausi, identifikuotis
identifikuotumeisi, identifikuotis
identifikuotųsi, identifikuotis
identifikuotu(mė)mės, identifikuotis
identifikuotu(mė)tės, identifikuotis
ieškotis, ieškotis
ieškausi, ieškotis
ieškaisi, ieškotis
ieškosi, ieškotis
ieškomės, ieškotis
ieškotės, ieškotis
ieškoks, ieškotis
ieškokitės, ieškotis
ieškokimės, ieškotis
ieškojausi, ieškotis
ieškojaisi, ieškotis
ieškojosi, ieškotis
ieškojomės, ieškotis
ieškojotės, ieškotis
ieškodavausi, ieškotis
ieškodavaisi, ieškotis
ieškodavosi, ieškotis
ieškodavomės, ieškotis
ieškodavotės, ieškotis
ieškosiusi, ieškotis
ieškosisi, ieškotis
ieškosis, ieškotis
ieškosimės, ieškotis
ieškositės, ieškotis
ieškočiausi, ieškotis
ieškotumeisi, ieškotis
ieškotųsi, ieškotis
ieškotu(mė)mės, ieškotis
ieškotu(mė)tės, ieškotis
ignoruotis, ignoruotis
ignoruojuosi, ignoruotis
ignoruojiesi, ignoruotis
ignoruojasi, ignoruotis
ignoruojamės, ignoruotis
ignoruojatės, ignoruotis
ignoruoks, ignoruotis
ignoruokitės, ignoruotis
ignoruokimės, ignoruotis
ignoravausi, ignoruotis
ignoravaisi, ignoruotis
ignoravosi, ignoruotis
ignoravomės, ignoruotis
ignoravotės, ignoruotis
ignoruodavausi, ignoruotis
ignoruodavaisi, ignoruotis
ignoruodavosi, ignoruotis
ignoruodavomės, ignoruotis
ignoruodavotės, ignoruotis
ignoruosiusi, ignoruotis
ignoruosisi, ignoruotis
ignoruosis, ignoruotis
ignoruosimės, ignoruotis
ignoruositės, ignoruotis
ignoruočiausi, ignoruotis
ignoruotumeisi, ignoruotis
ignoruotųsi, ignoruotis
ignoruotu(mė)mės, ignoruotis
ignoruotu(mė)tės, ignoruotis
ilgėtis, ilgėtis
ilgėjuosi, ilgėtis
ilgėjiesi, ilgėtis
ilgėjasi, ilgėtis
ilgėjamės, ilgėtis
ilgėjatės, ilgėtis
ilgėks, ilgėtis
ilgėkitės, ilgėtis
ilgėkimės, ilgėtis
ilgėjausi, ilgėtis
ilgėjaisi, ilgėtis
ilgėjosi, ilgėtis
ilgėjomės, ilgėtis
ilgėjotės, ilgėtis
ilgėdavausi, ilgėtis
ilgėdavaisi, ilgėtis
ilgėdavosi, ilgėtis
ilgėdavomės, ilgėtis
ilgėdavotės, ilgėtis
ilgėsiusi, ilgėtis
ilgėsisi, ilgėtis
ilgėsis, ilgėtis
ilgėsimės, ilgėtis
ilgėsitės, ilgėtis
ilgėčiausi, ilgėtis
ilgėtumeisi, ilgėtis
ilgėtųsi, ilgėtis
ilgėtu(mė)mės, ilgėtis
ilgėtu(mė)tės, ilgėtis
ilsėtis, ilsėtis
ilsiusi, ilsėtis
ilsisi, ilsėtis
ilsisi, ilsėtis
ilsimės, ilsėtis
ilsitės, ilsėtis
ilsėks, ilsėtis
ilsėkitės, ilsėtis
ilsėkimės, ilsėtis
ilsėjausi, ilsėtis
ilsėjaisi, ilsėtis
ilsėjosi, ilsėtis
ilsėjomės, ilsėtis
ilsėjotės, ilsėtis
ilsėdavausi, ilsėtis
ilsėdavaisi, ilsėtis
ilsėdavosi, ilsėtis
ilsėdavomės, ilsėtis
ilsėdavotės, ilsėtis
ilsėsiusi, ilsėtis
ilsėsisi, ilsėtis
ilsėsis, ilsėtis
ilsėsimės, ilsėtis
ilsėsitės, ilsėtis
ilsėčiausi, ilsėtis
ilsėtumeisi, ilsėtis
ilsėtųsi, ilsėtis
ilsėtu(mė)mės, ilsėtis
ilsėtu(mė)tės, ilsėtis
ilsintis, ilsintis
ilsinuosi, ilsintis
ilsiniesi, ilsintis
ilsinasi, ilsintis
ilsinamės, ilsintis
ilsinatės, ilsintis
ilsinks, ilsintis
ilsinkitės, ilsintis
ilsinkimės, ilsintis
ilsinausi, ilsintis
ilsinaisi, ilsintis
ilsinosi, ilsintis
ilsinomės, ilsintis
ilsinotės, ilsintis
ilsindavausi, ilsintis
ilsindavaisi, ilsintis
ilsindavosi, ilsintis
ilsindavomės, ilsintis
ilsindavotės, ilsintis
ilsinsiusi, ilsintis
ilsinsisi, ilsintis
ilsinsis, ilsintis
ilsinsimės, ilsintis
ilsinsitės, ilsintis
ilsinčiausi, ilsintis
ilsintumeisi, ilsintis
ilsintųsi, ilsintis
ilsintu(mė)mės, ilsintis
ilsintu(mė)tės, ilsintis
imigruotis, imigruotis
imigruojuosi, imigruotis
imigruojiesi, imigruotis
imigruojasi, imigruotis
imigruojamės, imigruotis
imigruojatės, imigruotis
imigruoks, imigruotis
imigruokitės, imigruotis
imigruokimės, imigruotis
imigravausi, imigruotis
imigravaisi, imigruotis
imigravosi, imigruotis
imigravomės, imigruotis
imigravotės, imigruotis
imigruodavausi, imigruotis
imigruodavaisi, imigruotis
imigruodavosi, imigruotis
imigruodavomės, imigruotis
imigruodavotės, imigruotis
imigruosiusi, imigruotis
imigruosisi, imigruotis
imigruosis, imigruotis
imigruosimės, imigruotis
imigruositės, imigruotis
imigruočiausi, imigruotis
imigruotumeisi, imigruotis
imigruotųsi, imigruotis
imigruotu(mė)mės, imigruotis
imigruotu(mė)tės, imigruotis
imituotis, imituotis
imituojuosi, imituotis
imituojiesi, imituotis
imituojasi, imituotis
imituojamės, imituotis
imituojatės, imituotis
imituoks, imituotis
imituokitės, imituotis
imituokimės, imituotis
imitavausi, imituotis
imitavaisi, imituotis
imitavosi, imituotis
imitavomės, imituotis
imitavotės, imituotis
imituodavausi, imituotis
imituodavaisi, imituotis
imituodavosi, imituotis
imituodavomės, imituotis
imituodavotės, imituotis
imituosiusi, imituotis
imituosisi, imituotis
imituosis, imituotis
imituosimės, imituotis
imituositės, imituotis
imituočiausi, imituotis
imituotumeisi, imituotis
imituotųsi, imituotis
imituotu(mė)mės, imituotis
imituotu(mė)tės, imituotis
imponuotis, imponuotis
imponuojuosi, imponuotis
imponuojiesi, imponuotis
imponuojasi, imponuotis
imponuojamės, imponuotis
imponuojatės, imponuotis
imponuoks, imponuotis
imponuokitės, imponuotis
imponuokimės, imponuotis
imponavausi, imponuotis
imponavaisi, imponuotis
imponavosi, imponuotis
imponavomės, imponuotis
imponavotės, imponuotis
imponuodavausi, imponuotis
imponuodavaisi, imponuotis
imponuodavosi, imponuotis
imponuodavomės, imponuotis
imponuodavotės, imponuotis
imponuosiusi, imponuotis
imponuosisi, imponuotis
imponuosis, imponuotis
imponuosimės, imponuotis
imponuositės, imponuotis
imponuočiausi, imponuotis
imponuotumeisi, imponuotis
imponuotųsi, imponuotis
imponuotu(mė)mės, imponuotis
imponuotu(mė)tės, imponuotis
importuotis, importuotis
importuojuosi, importuotis
importuojiesi, importuotis
importuojasi, importuotis
importuojamės, importuotis
importuojatės, importuotis
importuoks, importuotis
importuokitės, importuotis
importuokimės, importuotis
importavausi, importuotis
importavaisi, importuotis
importavosi, importuotis
importavomės, importuotis
importavotės, importuotis
importuodavausi, importuotis
importuodavaisi, importuotis
importuodavosi, importuotis
importuodavomės, importuotis
importuodavotės, importuotis
importuosiusi, importuotis
importuosisi, importuotis
importuosis, importuotis
importuosimės, importuotis
importuositės, importuotis
importuočiausi, importuotis
importuotumeisi, importuotis
importuotųsi, importuotis
importuotu(mė)mės, importuotis
importuotu(mė)tės, importuotis
improvizuotis, improvizuotis
improvizuojuosi, improvizuotis
improvizuojiesi, improvizuotis
improvizuojasi, improvizuotis
improvizuojamės, improvizuotis
improvizuojatės, improvizuotis
improvizuoks, improvizuotis
improvizuokitės, improvizuotis
improvizuokimės, improvizuotis
improvizavausi, improvizuotis
improvizavaisi, improvizuotis
improvizavosi, improvizuotis
improvizavomės, improvizuotis
improvizavotės, improvizuotis
improvizuodavausi, improvizuotis
improvizuodavaisi, improvizuotis
improvizuodavosi, improvizuotis
improvizuodavomės, improvizuotis
improvizuodavotės, improvizuotis
improvizuosiusi, improvizuotis
improvizuosisi, improvizuotis
improvizuosis, improvizuotis
improvizuosimės, improvizuotis
improvizuositės, improvizuotis
improvizuočiausi, improvizuotis
improvizuotumeisi, improvizuotis
improvizuotųsi, improvizuotis
improvizuotu(mė)mės, improvizuotis
improvizuotu(mė)tės, improvizuotis
imtis, imtis
imuosi, imtis
imiesi, imtis
imasi, imtis
imamės, imtis
imatės, imtis
imks, imtis
imkitės, imtis
imkimės, imtis
ėmiausi, imtis
ėmeisi, imtis
ėmėsi, imtis
ėmėmės, imtis
ėmėtės, imtis
imdavausi, imtis
imdavaisi, imtis
imdavosi, imtis
imdavomės, imtis
imdavotės, imtis
imsiusi, imtis
imsisi, imtis
imsis, imtis
imsimės, imtis
imsitės, imtis
imčiausi, imtis
imtumeisi, imtis
imtųsi, imtis
imtu(mė)mės, imtis
imtu(mė)tės, imtis
infekuotis, infekuotis
infekuojuosi, infekuotis
infekuojiesi, infekuotis
infekuojasi, infekuotis
infekuojamės, infekuotis
infekuojatės, infekuotis
infekuoks, infekuotis
infekuokitės, infekuotis
infekuokimės, infekuotis
infekavausi, infekuotis
infekavaisi, infekuotis
infekavosi, infekuotis
infekavomės, infekuotis
infekavotės, infekuotis
infekuodavausi, infekuotis
infekuodavaisi, infekuotis
infekuodavosi, infekuotis
infekuodavomės, infekuotis
infekuodavotės, infekuotis
infekuosiusi, infekuotis
infekuosisi, infekuotis
infekuosis, infekuotis
infekuosimės, infekuotis
infekuositės, infekuotis
infekuočiausi, infekuotis
infekuotumeisi, infekuotis
infekuotųsi, infekuotis
infekuotu(mė)mės, infekuotis
infekuotu(mė)tės, infekuotis
informuotis, informuotis
informuojuosi, informuotis
informuojiesi, informuotis
informuojasi, informuotis
informuojamės, informuotis
informuojatės, informuotis
informuoks, informuotis
informuokitės, informuotis
informuokimės, informuotis
informavausi, informuotis
informavaisi, informuotis
informavosi, informuotis
informavomės, informuotis
informavotės, informuotis
informuodavausi, informuotis
informuodavaisi, informuotis
informuodavosi, informuotis
informuodavomės, informuotis
informuodavotės, informuotis
informuosiusi, informuotis
informuosisi, informuotis
informuosis, informuotis
informuosimės, informuotis
informuositės, informuotis
informuočiausi, informuotis
informuotumeisi, informuotis
informuotųsi, informuotis
informuotu(mė)mės, informuotis
informuotu(mė)tės, informuotis
inkštis, inkštis
inkščiuosi, inkštis
inkščiesi, inkštis
inkščiasi, inkštis
inkščiamės, inkštis
inkščiatės, inkštis
inkšks, inkštis
inkškitės, inkštis
inkškimės, inkštis
inkšteisi, inkštis
inkštėsi, inkštis
inkštėmės, inkštis
inkštėtės, inkštis
inkšdavausi, inkštis
inkšdavaisi, inkštis
inkšdavosi, inkštis
inkšdavomės, inkštis
inkšdavotės, inkštis
inkššiusi, inkštis
inkššisi, inkštis
inkššis, inkštis
inkššimės, inkštis
inkššitės, inkštis
inkščiausi, inkštis
inkštumeisi, inkštis
inkštųsi, inkštis
inkštu(mė)mės, inkštis
inkštu(mė)tės, inkštis
inspiruotis, inspiruotis
inspiruojuosi, inspiruotis
inspiruojiesi, inspiruotis
inspiruojasi, inspiruotis
inspiruojamės, inspiruotis
inspiruojatės, inspiruotis
inspiruoks, inspiruotis
inspiruokitės, inspiruotis
inspiruokimės, inspiruotis
inspiravausi, inspiruotis
inspiravaisi, inspiruotis
inspiravosi, inspiruotis
inspiravomės, inspiruotis
inspiravotės, inspiruotis
inspiruodavausi, inspiruotis
inspiruodavaisi, inspiruotis
inspiruodavosi, inspiruotis
inspiruodavomės, inspiruotis
inspiruodavotės, inspiruotis
inspiruosiusi, inspiruotis
inspiruosisi, inspiruotis
inspiruosis, inspiruotis
inspiruosimės, inspiruotis
inspiruositės, inspiruotis
inspiruočiausi, inspiruotis
inspiruotumeisi, inspiruotis
inspiruotųsi, inspiruotis
inspiruotu(mė)mės, inspiruotis
inspiruotu(mė)tės, inspiruotis
integruotis, integruotis
integruojuosi, integruotis
integruojiesi, integruotis
integruojasi, integruotis
integruojamės, integruotis
integruojatės, integruotis
integruoks, integruotis
integruokitės, integruotis
integruokimės, integruotis
integravausi, integruotis
integravaisi, integruotis
integravosi, integruotis
integravomės, integruotis
integravotės, integruotis
integruodavausi, integruotis
integruodavaisi, integruotis
integruodavosi, integruotis
integruodavomės, integruotis
integruodavotės, integruotis
integruosiusi, integruotis
integruosisi, integruotis
integruosis, integruotis
integruosimės, integruotis
integruositės, integruotis
integruočiausi, integruotis
integruotumeisi, integruotis
integruotųsi, integruotis
integruotu(mė)mės, integruotis
integruotu(mė)tės, integruotis
interpretuotis, interpretuotis
interpretuojuosi, interpretuotis
interpretuojiesi, interpretuotis
interpretuojasi, interpretuotis
interpretuojamės, interpretuotis
interpretuojatės, interpretuotis
interpretuoks, interpretuotis
interpretuokitės, interpretuotis
interpretuokimės, interpretuotis
interpretavausi, interpretuotis
interpretavaisi, interpretuotis
interpretavosi, interpretuotis
interpretavomės, interpretuotis
interpretavotės, interpretuotis
interpretuodavausi, interpretuotis
interpretuodavaisi, interpretuotis
interpretuodavosi, interpretuotis
interpretuodavomės, interpretuotis
interpretuodavotės, interpretuotis
interpretuosiusi, interpretuotis
interpretuosisi, interpretuotis
interpretuosis, interpretuotis
interpretuosimės, interpretuotis
interpretuositės, interpretuotis
interpretuočiausi, interpretuotis
interpretuotumeisi, interpretuotis
interpretuotųsi, interpretuotis
interpretuotu(mė)mės, interpretuotis
interpretuotu(mė)tės, interpretuotis
investuotis, investuotis
investuojuosi, investuotis
investuojiesi, investuotis
investuojasi, investuotis
investuojamės, investuotis
investuojatės, investuotis
investuoks, investuotis
investuokitės, investuotis
investuokimės, investuotis
investavausi, investuotis
investavaisi, investuotis
investavosi, investuotis
investavomės, investuotis
investavotės, investuotis
investuodavausi, investuotis
investuodavaisi, investuotis
investuodavosi, investuotis
investuodavomės, investuotis
investuodavotės, investuotis
investuosiusi, investuotis
investuosisi, investuotis
investuosis, investuotis
investuosimės, investuotis
investuositės, investuotis
investuočiausi, investuotis
investuotumeisi, investuotis
investuotųsi, investuotis
investuotu(mė)mės, investuotis
investuotu(mė)tės, investuotis
irkluotis, irkluotis
irkluojuosi, irkluotis
irkluojiesi, irkluotis
irkluojasi, irkluotis
irkluojamės, irkluotis
irkluojatės, irkluotis
irkluoks, irkluotis
irkluokitės, irkluotis
irkluokimės, irkluotis
irklavausi, irkluotis
irklavaisi, irkluotis
irklavosi, irkluotis
irklavomės, irkluotis
irklavotės, irkluotis
irkluodavausi, irkluotis
irkluodavaisi, irkluotis
irkluodavosi, irkluotis
irkluodavomės, irkluotis
irkluodavotės, irkluotis
irkluosiusi, irkluotis
irkluosisi, irkluotis
irkluosis, irkluotis
irkluosimės, irkluotis
irkluositės, irkluotis
irkluočiausi, irkluotis
irkluotumeisi, irkluotis
irkluotųsi, irkluotis
irkluotu(mė)mės, irkluotis
irkluotu(mė)tės, irkluotis
irtis, irtis
yruosi, irtis
yriesi, irtis
yrasi, irtis
yramės, irtis
yratės, irtis
irks, irtis
irkitės, irtis
irkimės, irtis
irausi, irtis
iraisi, irtis
irosi, irtis
iromės, irtis
irotės, irtis
irdavausi, irtis
irdavaisi, irtis
irdavosi, irtis
irdavomės, irtis
irdavotės, irtis
irsiusi, irtis
irsisi, irtis
irsis, irtis
irsimės, irtis
irsitės, irtis
irčiausi, irtis
irtumeisi, irtis
irtųsi, irtis
irtu(mė)mės, irtis
irtu(mė)tės, irtis
issigąstis, issigąstis
išsigąstuosi, issigąstis
išsigąstiesi, issigąstis
išsigąstasi, issigąstis
išsigąstamės, issigąstis
išsigąstatės, issigąstis
issigąsks, issigąstis
issigąskitės, issigąstis
issigąskimės, issigąstis
išsigandausi, issigąstis
išsigandaisi, issigąstis
išsigandosi, issigąstis
išsigandomės, issigąstis
išsigandotės, issigąstis
issigąsdavausi, issigąstis
issigąsdavaisi, issigąstis
issigąsdavosi, issigąstis
issigąsdavomės, issigąstis
issigąsdavotės, issigąstis
issigąsiusi, issigąstis
issigąsisi, issigąstis
issigąsis, issigąstis
issigąsimės, issigąstis
issigąsitės, issigąstis
issigąsčiausi, issigąstis
issigąstumeisi, issigąstis
issigąstųsi, issigąstis
issigąstu(mė)mės, issigąstis
issigąstu(mė)tės, issigąstis
isšikerotis, isšikerotis
išsikerojuosi, isšikerotis
išsikerojiesi, isšikerotis
išsikerojasi, isšikerotis
išsikerojamės, isšikerotis
išsikerojatės, isšikerotis
isšikeroks, isšikerotis
isšikerokitės, isšikerotis
isšikerokimės, isšikerotis
išsikerojausi, isšikerotis
išsikerojaisi, isšikerotis
išsikerojosi, isšikerotis
išsikerojomės, isšikerotis
išsikerojotės, isšikerotis
isšikerodavausi, isšikerotis
isšikerodavaisi, isšikerotis
isšikerodavosi, isšikerotis
isšikerodavomės, isšikerotis
isšikerodavotės, isšikerotis
isšikerosiusi, isšikerotis
isšikerosisi, isšikerotis
isšikerosis, isšikerotis
isšikerosimės, isšikerotis
isšikerositės, isšikerotis
isšikeročiausi, isšikerotis
isšikerotumeisi, isšikerotis
isšikerotųsi, isšikerotis
isšikerotu(mė)mės, isšikerotis
isšikerotu(mė)tės, isšikerotis
izoliuotis, izoliuotis
izoliuojuosi, izoliuotis
izoliuojiesi, izoliuotis
izoliuojasi, izoliuotis
izoliuojamės, izoliuotis
izoliuojatės, izoliuotis
izoliuoks, izoliuotis
izoliuokitės, izoliuotis
izoliuokimės, izoliuotis
izoliavausi, izoliuotis
izoliavaisi, izoliuotis
izoliavosi, izoliuotis
izoliavomės, izoliuotis
izoliavotės, izoliuotis
izoliuodavausi, izoliuotis
izoliuodavaisi, izoliuotis
izoliuodavosi, izoliuotis
izoliuodavomės, izoliuotis
izoliuodavotės, izoliuotis
izoliuosiusi, izoliuotis
izoliuosisi, izoliuotis
izoliuosis, izoliuotis
izoliuosimės, izoliuotis
izoliuositės, izoliuotis
izoliuočiausi, izoliuotis
izoliuotumeisi, izoliuotis
izoliuotųsi, izoliuotis
izoliuotu(mė)mės, izoliuotis
izoliuotu(mė)tės, izoliuotis
jaudintis, jaudintis
jaudinuosi, jaudintis
jaudiniesi, jaudintis
jaudinasi, jaudintis
jaudinamės, jaudintis
jaudinatės, jaudintis
jaudinks, jaudintis
jaudinkitės, jaudintis
jaudinkimės, jaudintis
jaudinausi, jaudintis
jaudinaisi, jaudintis
jaudinosi, jaudintis
jaudinomės, jaudintis
jaudinotės, jaudintis
jaudindavausi, jaudintis
jaudindavaisi, jaudintis
jaudindavosi, jaudintis
jaudindavomės, jaudintis
jaudindavotės, jaudintis
jaudinsiusi, jaudintis
jaudinsisi, jaudintis
jaudinsis, jaudintis
jaudinsimės, jaudintis
jaudinsitės, jaudintis
jaudinčiausi, jaudintis
jaudintumeisi, jaudintis
jaudintųsi, jaudintis
jaudintu(mė)mės, jaudintis
jaudintu(mė)tės, jaudintis
jaukintis, jaukintis
jaukinuosi, jaukintis
jaukiniesi, jaukintis
jaukinasi, jaukintis
jaukinamės, jaukintis
jaukinatės, jaukintis
jaukinks, jaukintis
jaukinkitės, jaukintis
jaukinkimės, jaukintis
jaukinausi, jaukintis
jaukinaisi, jaukintis
jaukinosi, jaukintis
jaukinomės, jaukintis
jaukinotės, jaukintis
jaukindavausi, jaukintis
jaukindavaisi, jaukintis
jaukindavosi, jaukintis
jaukindavomės, jaukintis
jaukindavotės, jaukintis
jaukinsiusi, jaukintis
jaukinsisi, jaukintis
jaukinsis, jaukintis
jaukinsimės, jaukintis
jaukinsitės, jaukintis
jaukinčiausi, jaukintis
jaukintumeisi, jaukintis
jaukintųsi, jaukintis
jaukintu(mė)mės, jaukintis
jaukintu(mė)tės, jaukintis
jauktis, jauktis
jaukiuosi, jauktis
jaukiesi, jauktis
jaukiasi, jauktis
jaukiamės, jauktis
jaukiatės, jauktis
jauks, jauktis
jaukitės, jauktis
jaukimės, jauktis
jaukiausi, jauktis
jaukeisi, jauktis
jaukėsi, jauktis
jaukėmės, jauktis
jaukėtės, jauktis
jaukdavausi, jauktis
jaukdavaisi, jauktis
jaukdavosi, jauktis
jaukdavomės, jauktis
jaukdavotės, jauktis
jauksiusi, jauktis
jauksisi, jauktis
jauksis, jauktis
jauksimės, jauktis
jauksitės, jauktis
jaukčiausi, jauktis
jauktumeisi, jauktis
jauktųsi, jauktis
jauktu(mė)mės, jauktis
jauktu(mė)tės, jauktis
jaustis, jaustis
jaučiuosi, jaustis
jaučiesi, jaustis
jaučiasi, jaustis
jaučiamės, jaustis
jaučiatės, jaustis
jausks, jaustis
jauskitės, jaustis
jauskimės, jaustis
jauteisi, jaustis
jautėsi, jaustis
jautėmės, jaustis
jautėtės, jaustis
jausdavausi, jaustis
jausdavaisi, jaustis
jausdavosi, jaustis
jausdavomės, jaustis
jausdavotės, jaustis
jausiusi, jaustis
jausisi, jaustis
jausis, jaustis
jausimės, jaustis
jausitės, jaustis
jausčiausi, jaustis
jaustumeisi, jaustis
jaustųsi, jaustis
jaustu(mė)mės, jaustis
jaustu(mė)tės, jaustis
jodinėtis, jodinėtis
jodinėjuosi, jodinėtis
jodinėjiesi, jodinėtis
jodinėjasi, jodinėtis
jodinėjamės, jodinėtis
jodinėjatės, jodinėtis
jodinėks, jodinėtis
jodinėkitės, jodinėtis
jodinėkimės, jodinėtis
jodinėjausi, jodinėtis
jodinėjaisi, jodinėtis
jodinėjosi, jodinėtis
jodinėjomės, jodinėtis
jodinėjotės, jodinėtis
jodinėdavausi, jodinėtis
jodinėdavaisi, jodinėtis
jodinėdavosi, jodinėtis
jodinėdavomės, jodinėtis
jodinėdavotės, jodinėtis
jodinėsiusi, jodinėtis
jodinėsisi, jodinėtis
jodinėsis, jodinėtis
jodinėsimės, jodinėtis
jodinėsitės, jodinėtis
jodinėčiausi, jodinėtis
jodinėtumeisi, jodinėtis
jodinėtųsi, jodinėtis
jodinėtu(mė)mės, jodinėtis
jodinėtu(mė)tės, jodinėtis
jotis, jotis
jojuosi, jotis
jojiesi, jotis
jojasi, jotis
jojamės, jotis
jojatės, jotis
joks, jotis
jokitės, jotis
jokimės, jotis
jojausi, jotis
jojaisi, jotis
jojosi, jotis
jojomės, jotis
jojotės, jotis
jodavausi, jotis
jodavaisi, jotis
jodavosi, jotis
jodavomės, jotis
jodavotės, jotis
josiusi, jotis
josisi, jotis
josis, jotis
josimės, jotis
jositės, jotis
jočiausi, jotis
jotumeisi, jotis
jotųsi, jotis
jotu(mė)mės, jotis
jotu(mė)tės, jotis
judėtis, judėtis
judžuosi, judėtis
judiesi, judėtis
judasi, judėtis
judamės, judėtis
judatės, judėtis
judėks, judėtis
judėkitės, judėtis
judėkimės, judėtis
judėjausi, judėtis
judėjaisi, judėtis
judėjosi, judėtis
judėjomės, judėtis
judėjotės, judėtis
judėdavausi, judėtis
judėdavaisi, judėtis
judėdavosi, judėtis
judėdavomės, judėtis
judėdavotės, judėtis
judėsiusi, judėtis
judėsisi, judėtis
judėsis, judėtis
judėsimės, judėtis
judėsitės, judėtis
judėčiausi, judėtis
judėtumeisi, judėtis
judėtųsi, judėtis
judėtu(mė)mės, judėtis
judėtu(mė)tės, judėtis
judintis, judintis
judinuosi, judintis
judiniesi, judintis
judinasi, judintis
judinamės, judintis
judinatės, judintis
judinks, judintis
judinkitės, judintis
judinkimės, judintis
judinausi, judintis
judinaisi, judintis
judinosi, judintis
judinomės, judintis
judinotės, judintis
judindavausi, judintis
judindavaisi, judintis
judindavosi, judintis
judindavomės, judintis
judindavotės, judintis
judinsiusi, judintis
judinsisi, judintis
judinsis, judintis
judinsimės, judintis
judinsitės, judintis
judinčiausi, judintis
judintumeisi, judintis
judintųsi, judintis
judintu(mė)mės, judintis
judintu(mė)tės, judintis
jungtis, jungtis
jungiuosi, jungtis
jungiesi, jungtis
jungiasi, jungtis
jungiamės, jungtis
jungiatės, jungtis
junks, jungtis
junkitės, jungtis
junkimės, jungtis
jungiausi, jungtis
jungeisi, jungtis
jungėsi, jungtis
jungėmės, jungtis
jungėtės, jungtis
jungdavausi, jungtis
jungdavaisi, jungtis
jungdavosi, jungtis
jungdavomės, jungtis
jungdavotės, jungtis
jungsiusi, jungtis
jungsisi, jungtis
jungsis, jungtis
jungsimės, jungtis
jungsitės, jungtis
jungčiausi, jungtis
jungtumeisi, jungtis
jungtųsi, jungtis
jungtu(mė)mės, jungtis
jungtu(mė)tės, jungtis
juodėtis, juodėtis
juodėjuosi, juodėtis
juodėjiesi, juodėtis
juodėjasi, juodėtis
juodėjamės, juodėtis
juodėjatės, juodėtis
juodėks, juodėtis
juodėkitės, juodėtis
juodėkimės, juodėtis
juodėjausi, juodėtis
juodėjaisi, juodėtis
juodėjosi, juodėtis
juodėjomės, juodėtis
juodėjotės, juodėtis
juodėdavausi, juodėtis
juodėdavaisi, juodėtis
juodėdavosi, juodėtis
juodėdavomės, juodėtis
juodėdavotės, juodėtis
juodėsiusi, juodėtis
juodėsisi, juodėtis
juodėsis, juodėtis
juodėsimės, juodėtis
juodėsitės, juodėtis
juodėčiausi, juodėtis
juodėtumeisi, juodėtis
juodėtųsi, juodėtis
juodėtu(mė)mės, juodėtis
juodėtu(mė)tės, juodėtis
juodintis, juodintis
juodinuosi, juodintis
juodiniesi, juodintis
juodinasi, juodintis
juodinamės, juodintis
juodinatės, juodintis
juodinks, juodintis
juodinkitės, juodintis
juodinkimės, juodintis
juodinausi, juodintis
juodinaisi, juodintis
juodinosi, juodintis
juodinomės, juodintis
juodinotės, juodintis
juodindavausi, juodintis
juodindavaisi, juodintis
juodindavosi, juodintis
juodindavomės, juodintis
juodindavotės, juodintis
juodinsiusi, juodintis
juodinsisi, juodintis
juodinsis, juodintis
juodinsimės, juodintis
juodinsitės, juodintis
juodinčiausi, juodintis
juodintumeisi, juodintis
juodintųsi, juodintis
juodintu(mė)mės, juodintis
juodintu(mė)tės, juodintis
juoduotis, juoduotis
juoduojuosi, juoduotis
juoduojiesi, juoduotis
juoduojasi, juoduotis
juoduojamės, juoduotis
juoduojatės, juoduotis
juoduoks, juoduotis
juoduokitės, juoduotis
juoduokimės, juoduotis
juodavausi, juoduotis
juodavaisi, juoduotis
juodavosi, juoduotis
juodavomės, juoduotis
juodavotės, juoduotis
juoduodavausi, juoduotis
juoduodavaisi, juoduotis
juoduodavosi, juoduotis
juoduodavomės, juoduotis
juoduodavotės, juoduotis
juoduosiusi, juoduotis
juoduosisi, juoduotis
juoduosis, juoduotis
juoduosimės, juoduotis
juoduositės, juoduotis
juoduočiausi, juoduotis
juoduotumeisi, juoduotis
juoduotųsi, juoduotis
juoduotu(mė)mės, juoduotis
juoduotu(mė)tės, juoduotis
juokautis, juokautis
juokaujuosi, juokautis
juokaujiesi, juokautis
juokaujasi, juokautis
juokaujamės, juokautis
juokaujatės, juokautis
juokauks, juokautis
juokaukitės, juokautis
juokaukimės, juokautis
juokavausi, juokautis
juokavaisi, juokautis
juokavosi, juokautis
juokavomės, juokautis
juokavotės, juokautis
juokaudavausi, juokautis
juokaudavaisi, juokautis
juokaudavosi, juokautis
juokaudavomės, juokautis
juokaudavotės, juokautis
juokausiusi, juokautis
juokausisi, juokautis
juokausis, juokautis
juokausimės, juokautis
juokausitės, juokautis
juokaučiausi, juokautis
juokautumeisi, juokautis
juokautųsi, juokautis
juokautu(mė)mės, juokautis
juokautu(mė)tės, juokautis
juokintis, juokintis
juokinuosi, juokintis
juokiniesi, juokintis
juokinasi, juokintis
juokinamės, juokintis
juokinatės, juokintis
juokinks, juokintis
juokinkitės, juokintis
juokinkimės, juokintis
juokinausi, juokintis
juokinaisi, juokintis
juokinosi, juokintis
juokinomės, juokintis
juokinotės, juokintis
juokindavausi, juokintis
juokindavaisi, juokintis
juokindavosi, juokintis
juokindavomės, juokintis
juokindavotės, juokintis
juokinsiusi, juokintis
juokinsisi, juokintis
juokinsis, juokintis
juokinsimės, juokintis
juokinsitės, juokintis
juokinčiausi, juokintis
juokintumeisi, juokintis
juokintųsi, juokintis
juokintu(mė)mės, juokintis
juokintu(mė)tės, juokintis
justis, justis
juntuosi, justis
juntiesi, justis
juntasi, justis
juntamės, justis
juntatės, justis
jusks, justis
juskitės, justis
juskimės, justis
jutausi, justis
jutaisi, justis
jutosi, justis
jutomės, justis
jutotės, justis
jusdavausi, justis
jusdavaisi, justis
jusdavosi, justis
jusdavomės, justis
jusdavotės, justis
jusiusi, justis
jusisi, justis
jusis, justis
jusimės, justis
jusitės, justis
jusčiausi, justis
justumeisi, justis
justųsi, justis
justu(mė)mės, justis
justu(mė)tės, justis
kabėtis, kabėtis
kabuosi, kabėtis
kabiesi, kabėtis
kabasi, kabėtis
kabamės, kabėtis
kabatės, kabėtis
kabėks, kabėtis
kabėkitės, kabėtis
kabėkimės, kabėtis
kabėjausi, kabėtis
kabėjaisi, kabėtis
kabėjosi, kabėtis
kabėjomės, kabėtis
kabėjotės, kabėtis
kabėdavausi, kabėtis
kabėdavaisi, kabėtis
kabėdavosi, kabėtis
kabėdavomės, kabėtis
kabėdavotės, kabėtis
kabėsiusi, kabėtis
kabėsisi, kabėtis
kabėsis, kabėtis
kabėsimės, kabėtis
kabėsitės, kabėtis
kabėčiausi, kabėtis
kabėtumeisi, kabėtis
kabėtųsi, kabėtis
kabėtu(mė)mės, kabėtis
kabėtu(mė)tės, kabėtis
kabintis, kabintis
kabinuosi, kabintis
kabiniesi, kabintis
kabinasi, kabintis
kabinamės, kabintis
kabinatės, kabintis
kabinks, kabintis
kabinkitės, kabintis
kabinkimės, kabintis
kabinausi, kabintis
kabinaisi, kabintis
kabinosi, kabintis
kabinomės, kabintis
kabinotės, kabintis
kabindavausi, kabintis
kabindavaisi, kabintis
kabindavosi, kabintis
kabindavomės, kabintis
kabindavotės, kabintis
kabinsiusi, kabintis
kabinsisi, kabintis
kabinsis, kabintis
kabinsimės, kabintis
kabinsitės, kabintis
kabinčiausi, kabintis
kabintumeisi, kabintis
kabintųsi, kabintis
kabintu(mė)mės, kabintis
kabintu(mė)tės, kabintis
kabotis, kabotis
kabausi, kabotis
kabaisi, kabotis
kabosi, kabotis
kabomės, kabotis
kabotės, kabotis
kaboks, kabotis
kabokitės, kabotis
kabokimės, kabotis
kabojausi, kabotis
kabojaisi, kabotis
kabojosi, kabotis
kabojomės, kabotis
kabojotės, kabotis
kabodavausi, kabotis
kabodavaisi, kabotis
kabodavosi, kabotis
kabodavomės, kabotis
kabodavotės, kabotis
kabosiusi, kabotis
kabosisi, kabotis
kabosis, kabotis
kabosimės, kabotis
kabositės, kabotis
kabočiausi, kabotis
kabotumeisi, kabotis
kabotųsi, kabotis
kabotu(mė)mės, kabotis
kabotu(mė)tės, kabotis
kainuotis, kainuotis
kainuojuosi, kainuotis
kainuojiesi, kainuotis
kainuojasi, kainuotis
kainuojamės, kainuotis
kainuojatės, kainuotis
kainuoks, kainuotis
kainuokitės, kainuotis
kainuokimės, kainuotis
kainavausi, kainuotis
kainavaisi, kainuotis
kainavosi, kainuotis
kainavomės, kainuotis
kainavotės, kainuotis
kainuodavausi, kainuotis
kainuodavaisi, kainuotis
kainuodavosi, kainuotis
kainuodavomės, kainuotis
kainuodavotės, kainuotis
kainuosiusi, kainuotis
kainuosisi, kainuotis
kainuosis, kainuotis
kainuosimės, kainuotis
kainuositės, kainuotis
kainuočiausi, kainuotis
kainuotumeisi, kainuotis
kainuotųsi, kainuotis
kainuotu(mė)mės, kainuotis
kainuotu(mė)tės, kainuotis
kaišiotis, kaišiotis
kaišiojuosi, kaišiotis
kaišiojiesi, kaišiotis
kaišiojasi, kaišiotis
kaišiojamės, kaišiotis
kaišiojatės, kaišiotis
kaišioks, kaišiotis
kaišiokitės, kaišiotis
kaišiokimės, kaišiotis
kaišiojausi, kaišiotis
kaišiojaisi, kaišiotis
kaišiojosi, kaišiotis
kaišiojomės, kaišiotis
kaišiojotės, kaišiotis
kaišiodavausi, kaišiotis
kaišiodavaisi, kaišiotis
kaišiodavosi, kaišiotis
kaišiodavomės, kaišiotis
kaišiodavotės, kaišiotis
kaišiosiusi, kaišiotis
kaišiosisi, kaišiotis
kaišiosis, kaišiotis
kaišiosimės, kaišiotis
kaišiositės, kaišiotis
kaišiočiausi, kaišiotis
kaišiotumeisi, kaišiotis
kaišiotųsi, kaišiotis
kaišiotu(mė)mės, kaišiotis
kaišiotu(mė)tės, kaišiotis
kaistis, kaistis
kaistuosi, kaistis
kaistiesi, kaistis
kaistasi, kaistis
kaistamės, kaistis
kaistatės, kaistis
kaisks, kaistis
kaiskitės, kaistis
kaiskimės, kaistis
kaitausi, kaistis
kaitaisi, kaistis
kaitosi, kaistis
kaitomės, kaistis
kaitotės, kaistis
kaisdavausi, kaistis
kaisdavaisi, kaistis
kaisdavosi, kaistis
kaisdavomės, kaistis
kaisdavotės, kaistis
kaisiusi, kaistis
kaisisi, kaistis
kaisis, kaistis
kaisimės, kaistis
kaisitės, kaistis
kaisčiausi, kaistis
kaistumeisi, kaistis
kaistųsi, kaistis
kaistu(mė)mės, kaistis
kaistu(mė)tės, kaistis
kaitintis, kaitintis
kaitinuosi, kaitintis
kaitiniesi, kaitintis
kaitinasi, kaitintis
kaitinamės, kaitintis
kaitinatės, kaitintis
kaitinks, kaitintis
kaitinkitės, kaitintis
kaitinkimės, kaitintis
kaitinausi, kaitintis
kaitinaisi, kaitintis
kaitinosi, kaitintis
kaitinomės, kaitintis
kaitinotės, kaitintis
kaitindavausi, kaitintis
kaitindavaisi, kaitintis
kaitindavosi, kaitintis
kaitindavomės, kaitintis
kaitindavotės, kaitintis
kaitinsiusi, kaitintis
kaitinsisi, kaitintis
kaitinsis, kaitintis
kaitinsimės, kaitintis
kaitinsitės, kaitintis
kaitinčiausi, kaitintis
kaitintumeisi, kaitintis
kaitintųsi, kaitintis
kaitintu(mė)mės, kaitintis
kaitintu(mė)tės, kaitintis
kakotis, kakotis
kakojuosi, kakotis
kakojiesi, kakotis
kakojasi, kakotis
kakojamės, kakotis
kakojatės, kakotis
kakoks, kakotis
kakokitės, kakotis
kakokimės, kakotis
kakojausi, kakotis
kakojaisi, kakotis
kakojosi, kakotis
kakojomės, kakotis
kakojotės, kakotis
kakodavausi, kakotis
kakodavaisi, kakotis
kakodavosi, kakotis
kakodavomės, kakotis
kakodavotės, kakotis
kakosiusi, kakotis
kakosisi, kakotis
kakosis, kakotis
kakosimės, kakotis
kakositės, kakotis
kakočiausi, kakotis
kakotumeisi, kakotis
kakotųsi, kakotis
kakotu(mė)mės, kakotis
kakotu(mė)tės, kakotis
kalbėtis, kalbėtis
kalbuosi, kalbėtis
kalbiesi, kalbėtis
kalbasi, kalbėtis
kalbamės, kalbėtis
kalbatės, kalbėtis
kalbėks, kalbėtis
kalbėkitės, kalbėtis
kalbėkimės, kalbėtis
kalbėjausi, kalbėtis
kalbėjaisi, kalbėtis
kalbėjosi, kalbėtis
kalbėjomės, kalbėtis
kalbėjotės, kalbėtis
kalbėdavausi, kalbėtis
kalbėdavaisi, kalbėtis
kalbėdavosi, kalbėtis
kalbėdavomės, kalbėtis
kalbėdavotės, kalbėtis
kalbėsiusi, kalbėtis
kalbėsisi, kalbėtis
kalbėsis, kalbėtis
kalbėsimės, kalbėtis
kalbėsitės, kalbėtis
kalbėčiausi, kalbėtis
kalbėtumeisi, kalbėtis
kalbėtųsi, kalbėtis
kalbėtu(mė)mės, kalbėtis
kalbėtu(mė)tės, kalbėtis
kalbintis, kalbintis
kalbinuosi, kalbintis
kalbiniesi, kalbintis
kalbinasi, kalbintis
kalbinamės, kalbintis
kalbinatės, kalbintis
kalbinks, kalbintis
kalbinkitės, kalbintis
kalbinkimės, kalbintis
kalbinausi, kalbintis
kalbinaisi, kalbintis
kalbinosi, kalbintis
kalbinomės, kalbintis
kalbinotės, kalbintis
kalbindavausi, kalbintis
kalbindavaisi, kalbintis
kalbindavosi, kalbintis
kalbindavomės, kalbintis
kalbindavotės, kalbintis
kalbinsiusi, kalbintis
kalbinsisi, kalbintis
kalbinsis, kalbintis
kalbinsimės, kalbintis
kalbinsitės, kalbintis
kalbinčiausi, kalbintis
kalbintumeisi, kalbintis
kalbintųsi, kalbintis
kalbintu(mė)mės, kalbintis
kalbintu(mė)tės, kalbintis
kaldintis, kaldintis
kaldinuosi, kaldintis
kaldiniesi, kaldintis
kaldinasi, kaldintis
kaldinamės, kaldintis
kaldinatės, kaldintis
kaldinks, kaldintis
kaldinkitės, kaldintis
kaldinkimės, kaldintis
kaldinausi, kaldintis
kaldinaisi, kaldintis
kaldinosi, kaldintis
kaldinomės, kaldintis
kaldinotės, kaldintis
kaldindavausi, kaldintis
kaldindavaisi, kaldintis
kaldindavosi, kaldintis
kaldindavomės, kaldintis
kaldindavotės, kaldintis
kaldinsiusi, kaldintis
kaldinsisi, kaldintis
kaldinsis, kaldintis
kaldinsimės, kaldintis
kaldinsitės, kaldintis
kaldinčiausi, kaldintis
kaldintumeisi, kaldintis
kaldintųsi, kaldintis
kaldintu(mė)mės, kaldintis
kaldintu(mė)tės, kaldintis
kalėtis, kalėtis
kaliusi, kalėtis
kalisi, kalėtis
kalisi, kalėtis
kalimės, kalėtis
kalitės, kalėtis
kalėks, kalėtis
kalėkitės, kalėtis
kalėkimės, kalėtis
kalėjausi, kalėtis
kalėjaisi, kalėtis
kalėjosi, kalėtis
kalėjomės, kalėtis
kalėjotės, kalėtis
kalėdavausi, kalėtis
kalėdavaisi, kalėtis
kalėdavosi, kalėtis
kalėdavomės, kalėtis
kalėdavotės, kalėtis
kalėsiusi, kalėtis
kalėsisi, kalėtis
kalėsis, kalėtis
kalėsimės, kalėtis
kalėsitės, kalėtis
kalėčiausi, kalėtis
kalėtumeisi, kalėtis
kalėtųsi, kalėtis
kalėtu(mė)mės, kalėtis
kalėtu(mė)tės, kalėtis
kaltis, kaltis
kaluosi, kaltis
kaliesi, kaltis
kalasi, kaltis
kalamės, kaltis
kalatės, kaltis
kalks, kaltis
kalkitės, kaltis
kalkimės, kaltis
kaliausi, kaltis
kaleisi, kaltis
kalėsi, kaltis
kalėmės, kaltis
kalėtės, kaltis
kaldavausi, kaltis
kaldavaisi, kaltis
kaldavosi, kaltis
kaldavomės, kaltis
kaldavotės, kaltis
kalsiusi, kaltis
kalsisi, kaltis
kalsis, kaltis
kalsimės, kaltis
kalsitės, kaltis
kalčiausi, kaltis
kaltumeisi, kaltis
kaltųsi, kaltis
kaltu(mė)mės, kaltis
kaltu(mė)tės, kaltis
kaltintis, kaltintis
kaltinuosi, kaltintis
kaltiniesi, kaltintis
kaltinasi, kaltintis
kaltinamės, kaltintis
kaltinatės, kaltintis
kaltinks, kaltintis
kaltinkitės, kaltintis
kaltinkimės, kaltintis
kaltinausi, kaltintis
kaltinaisi, kaltintis
kaltinosi, kaltintis
kaltinomės, kaltintis
kaltinotės, kaltintis
kaltindavausi, kaltintis
kaltindavaisi, kaltintis
kaltindavosi, kaltintis
kaltindavomės, kaltintis
kaltindavotės, kaltintis
kaltinsiusi, kaltintis
kaltinsisi, kaltintis
kaltinsis, kaltintis
kaltinsimės, kaltintis
kaltinsitės, kaltintis
kaltinčiausi, kaltintis
kaltintumeisi, kaltintis
kaltintųsi, kaltintis
kaltintu(mė)mės, kaltintis
kaltintu(mė)tės, kaltintis
kamšytis, kamšytis
kamšausi, kamšytis
kamšaisi, kamšytis
kamšosi, kamšytis
kamšomės, kamšytis
kamšotės, kamšytis
kamšyks, kamšytis
kamšykitės, kamšytis
kamšykimės, kamšytis
kamšiausi, kamšytis
kamšeisi, kamšytis
kamšėsi, kamšytis
kamšėmės, kamšytis
kamšėtės, kamšytis
kamšydavausi, kamšytis
kamšydavaisi, kamšytis
kamšydavosi, kamšytis
kamšydavomės, kamšytis
kamšydavotės, kamšytis
kamšysiusi, kamšytis
kamšysisi, kamšytis
kamšysis, kamšytis
kamšysimės, kamšytis
kamšysitės, kamšytis
kamšyčiausi, kamšytis
kamšytumeisi, kamšytis
kamšytųsi, kamšytis
kamšytu(mė)mės, kamšytis
kamšytu(mė)tės, kamšytis
kamuotis, kamuotis
kamuojuosi, kamuotis
kamuojiesi, kamuotis
kamuojasi, kamuotis
kamuojamės, kamuotis
kamuojatės, kamuotis
kamuoks, kamuotis
kamuokitės, kamuotis
kamuokimės, kamuotis
kamavausi, kamuotis
kamavaisi, kamuotis
kamavosi, kamuotis
kamavomės, kamuotis
kamavotės, kamuotis
kamuodavausi, kamuotis
kamuodavaisi, kamuotis
kamuodavosi, kamuotis
kamuodavomės, kamuotis
kamuodavotės, kamuotis
kamuosiusi, kamuotis
kamuosisi, kamuotis
kamuosis, kamuotis
kamuosimės, kamuotis
kamuositės, kamuotis
kamuočiausi, kamuotis
kamuotumeisi, kamuotis
kamuotųsi, kamuotis
kamuotu(mė)mės, kamuotis
kamuotu(mė)tės, kamuotis
kandidatuotis, kandidatuotis
kandidatuojuosi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuojiesi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuojasi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuojamės, kandidatuotis
kandidatuojatės, kandidatuotis
kandidatuoks, kandidatuotis
kandidatuokitės, kandidatuotis
kandidatuokimės, kandidatuotis
kandidatavausi, kandidatuotis
kandidatavaisi, kandidatuotis
kandidatavosi, kandidatuotis
kandidatavomės, kandidatuotis
kandidatavotės, kandidatuotis
kandidatuodavausi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuodavaisi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuodavosi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuodavomės, kandidatuotis
kandidatuodavotės, kandidatuotis
kandidatuosiusi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuosisi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuosis, kandidatuotis
kandidatuosimės, kandidatuotis
kandidatuositės, kandidatuotis
kandidatuočiausi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuotumeisi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuotųsi, kandidatuotis
kandidatuotu(mė)mės, kandidatuotis
kandidatuotu(mė)tės, kandidatuotis
kandžiotis, kandžiotis
kandžiojuosi, kandžiotis
kandžiojiesi, kandžiotis
kandžiojasi, kandžiotis
kandžiojamės, kandžiotis
kandžiojatės, kandžiotis
kandžioks, kandžiotis
kandžiokitės, kandžiotis
kandžiokimės, kandžiotis
kandžiojausi, kandžiotis
kandžiojaisi, kandžiotis
kandžiojosi, kandžiotis
kandžiojomės, kandžiotis
kandžiojotės, kandžiotis
kandžiodavausi, kandžiotis
kandžiodavaisi, kandžiotis
kandžiodavosi, kandžiotis
kandžiodavomės, kandžiotis
kandžiodavotės, kandžiotis
kandžiosiusi, kandžiotis
kandžiosisi, kandžiotis
kandžiosis, kandžiotis
kandžiosimės, kandžiotis
kandžiositės, kandžiotis
kandžiočiausi, kandžiotis
kandžiotumeisi, kandžiotis
kandžiotųsi, kandžiotis
kandžiotu(mė)mės, kandžiotis
kandžiotu(mė)tės, kandžiotis
kankintis, kankintis
kankinuosi, kankintis
kankiniesi, kankintis
kankinasi, kankintis
kankinamės, kankintis
kankinatės, kankintis
kankinks, kankintis
kankinkitės, kankintis
kankinkimės, kankintis
kankinausi, kankintis
kankinaisi, kankintis
kankinosi, kankintis
kankinomės, kankintis
kankinotės, kankintis
kankindavausi, kankintis
kankindavaisi, kankintis
kankindavosi, kankintis
kankindavomės, kankintis
kankindavotės, kankintis
kankinsiusi, kankintis
kankinsisi, kankintis
kankinsis, kankintis
kankinsimės, kankintis
kankinsitės, kankintis
kankinčiausi, kankintis
kankintumeisi, kankintis
kankintųsi, kankintis
kankintu(mė)mės, kankintis
kankintu(mė)tės, kankintis
kariautis, kariautis
kariaujuosi, kariautis
kariaujiesi, kariautis
kariaujasi, kariautis
kariaujamės, kariautis
kariaujatės, kariautis
kariauks, kariautis
kariaukitės, kariautis
kariaukimės, kariautis
kariavausi, kariautis
kariavaisi, kariautis
kariavosi, kariautis
kariavomės, kariautis
kariavotės, kariautis
kariaudavausi, kariautis
kariaudavaisi, kariautis
kariaudavosi, kariautis
kariaudavomės, kariautis
kariaudavotės, kariautis
kariausiusi, kariautis
kariausisi, kariautis
kariausis, kariautis
kariausimės, kariautis
kariausitės, kariautis
kariaučiausi, kariautis
kariautumeisi, kariautis
kariautųsi, kariautis
kariautu(mė)mės, kariautis
kariautu(mė)tės, kariautis
karpytis, karpytis
karpausi, karpytis
karpaisi, karpytis
karposi, karpytis
karpomės, karpytis
karpotės, karpytis
karpyks, karpytis
karpykitės, karpytis
karpykimės, karpytis
karpiausi, karpytis
karpeisi, karpytis
karpėsi, karpytis
karpėmės, karpytis
karpėtės, karpytis
karpydavausi, karpytis
karpydavaisi, karpytis
karpydavosi, karpytis
karpydavomės, karpytis
karpydavotės, karpytis
karpysiusi, karpytis
karpysisi, karpytis
karpysis, karpytis
karpysimės, karpytis
karpysitės, karpytis
karpyčiausi, karpytis
karpytumeisi, karpytis
karpytųsi, karpytis
karpytu(mė)mės, karpytis
karpytu(mė)tės, karpytis
karščiuotis, karščiuotis
karščiuojuosi, karščiuotis
karščiuojiesi, karščiuotis
karščiuojasi, karščiuotis
karščiuojamės, karščiuotis
karščiuojatės, karščiuotis
karščiuoks, karščiuotis
karščiuokitės, karščiuotis
karščiuokimės, karščiuotis
karščiavausi, karščiuotis
karščiavaisi, karščiuotis
karščiavosi, karščiuotis
karščiavomės, karščiuotis
karščiavotės, karščiuotis
karščiuodavausi, karščiuotis
karščiuodavaisi, karščiuotis
karščiuodavosi, karščiuotis
karščiuodavomės, karščiuotis
karščiuodavotės, karščiuotis
karščiuosiusi, karščiuotis
karščiuosisi, karščiuotis
karščiuosis, karščiuotis
karščiuosimės, karščiuotis
karščiuositės, karščiuotis
karščiuočiausi, karščiuotis
karščiuotumeisi, karščiuotis
karščiuotųsi, karščiuotis
karščiuotu(mė)mės, karščiuotis
karščiuotu(mė)tės, karščiuotis
karšintis, karšintis
karšinuosi, karšintis
karšiniesi, karšintis
karšinasi, karšintis
karšinamės, karšintis
karšinatės, karšintis
karšinks, karšintis
karšinkitės, karšintis
karšinkimės, karšintis
karšinausi, karšintis
karšinaisi, karšintis
karšinosi, karšintis
karšinomės, karšintis
karšinotės, karšintis
karšindavausi, karšintis
karšindavaisi, karšintis
karšindavosi, karšintis
karšindavomės, karšintis
karšindavotės, karšintis
karšinsiusi, karšintis
karšinsisi, karšintis
karšinsis, karšintis
karšinsimės, karšintis
karšinsitės, karšintis
karšinčiausi, karšintis
karšintumeisi, karšintis
karšintųsi, karšintis
karšintu(mė)mės, karšintis
karšintu(mė)tės, karšintis
karštis, karštis
karšinuosi, karštis
karšiniesi, karštis
karšinasi, karštis
karšinamės, karštis
karšinatės, karštis
karšks, karštis
karškitės, karštis
karškimės, karštis
karšinausi, karštis
karšinaisi, karštis
karšinosi, karštis
karšinomės, karštis
karšinotės, karštis
karšdavausi, karštis
karšdavaisi, karštis
karšdavosi, karštis
karšdavomės, karštis
karšdavotės, karštis
karššiusi, karštis
karššisi, karštis
karššis, karštis
karššimės, karštis
karššitės, karštis
karščiausi, karštis
karštumeisi, karštis
karštųsi, karštis
karštu(mė)mės, karštis
karštu(mė)tės, karštis
karstis, karstis
karstuosi, karstis
karstiesi, karstis
karstasi, karstis
karstamės, karstis
karstatės, karstis
karsks, karstis
karskitės, karstis
karskimės, karstis
kartausi, karstis
kartaisi, karstis
kartosi, karstis
kartomės, karstis
kartotės, karstis
karsdavausi, karstis
karsdavaisi, karstis
karsdavosi, karstis
karsdavomės, karstis
karsdavotės, karstis
karsiusi, karstis
karsisi, karstis
karsis, karstis
karsimės, karstis
karsitės, karstis
karsčiausi, karstis
karstumeisi, karstis
karstųsi, karstis
karstu(mė)mės, karstis
karstu(mė)tės, karstis
kartis, kartis
kariuosi, kartis
kariesi, kartis
kariasi, kartis
kariamės, kartis
kariatės, kartis
karks, kartis
karkitės, kartis
karkimės, kartis
koriausi, kartis
koreisi, kartis
korėsi, kartis
korėmės, kartis
korėtės, kartis
kardavausi, kartis
kardavaisi, kartis
kardavosi, kartis
kardavomės, kartis
kardavotės, kartis
karsiusi, kartis
karsisi, kartis
karsis, kartis
karsimės, kartis
karsitės, kartis
karčiausi, kartis
kartumeisi, kartis
kartųsi, kartis
kartu(mė)mės, kartis
kartu(mė)tės, kartis
kartotis, kartotis
kartojuosi, kartotis
kartojiesi, kartotis
kartojasi, kartotis
kartojamės, kartotis
kartojatės, kartotis
kartoks, kartotis
kartokitės, kartotis
kartokimės, kartotis
kartojausi, kartotis
kartojaisi, kartotis
kartojosi, kartotis
kartojomės, kartotis
kartojotės, kartotis
kartodavausi, kartotis
kartodavaisi, kartotis
kartodavosi, kartotis
kartodavomės, kartotis
kartodavotės, kartotis
kartosiusi, kartotis
kartosisi, kartotis
kartosis, kartotis
kartosimės, kartotis
kartositės, kartotis
kartočiausi, kartotis
kartotumeisi, kartotis
kartotųsi, kartotis
kartotu(mė)mės, kartotis
kartotu(mė)tės, kartotis
karūnuotis, karūnuotis
karūnuojuosi, karūnuotis
karūnuojiesi, karūnuotis
karūnuojasi, karūnuotis
karūnuojamės, karūnuotis
karūnuojatės, karūnuotis
karūnuoks, karūnuotis
karūnuokitės, karūnuotis
karūnuokimės, karūnuotis
karūnavausi, karūnuotis
karūnavaisi, karūnuotis
karūnavosi, karūnuotis
karūnavomės, karūnuotis
karūnavotės, karūnuotis
karūnuodavausi, karūnuotis
karūnuodavaisi, karūnuotis
karūnuodavosi, karūnuotis
karūnuodavomės, karūnuotis
karūnuodavotės, karūnuotis
karūnuosiusi, karūnuotis
karūnuosisi, karūnuotis
karūnuosis, karūnuotis
karūnuosimės, karūnuotis
karūnuositės, karūnuotis
karūnuočiausi, karūnuotis
karūnuotumeisi, karūnuotis
karūnuotųsi, karūnuotis
karūnuotu(mė)mės, karūnuotis
karūnuotu(mė)tės, karūnuotis
kasinėtis, kasinėtis
kasinėjuosi, kasinėtis
kasinėjiesi, kasinėtis
kasinėjasi, kasinėtis
kasinėjamės, kasinėtis
kasinėjatės, kasinėtis
kasinėks, kasinėtis
kasinėkitės, kasinėtis
kasinėkimės, kasinėtis
kasinėjausi, kasinėtis
kasinėjaisi, kasinėtis
kasinėjosi, kasinėtis
kasinėjomės, kasinėtis
kasinėjotės, kasinėtis
kasinėdavausi, kasinėtis
kasinėdavaisi, kasinėtis
kasinėdavosi, kasinėtis
kasinėdavomės, kasinėtis
kasinėdavotės, kasinėtis
kasinėsiusi, kasinėtis
kasinėsisi, kasinėtis
kasinėsis, kasinėtis
kasinėsimės, kasinėtis
kasinėsitės, kasinėtis
kasinėčiausi, kasinėtis
kasinėtumeisi, kasinėtis
kasinėtųsi, kasinėtis
kasinėtu(mė)mės, kasinėtis
kasinėtu(mė)tės, kasinėtis
kastis, kastis
kasuosi, kastis
kasiesi, kastis
kasasi, kastis
kasamės, kastis
kasatės, kastis
kasks, kastis
kaskitės, kastis
kaskimės, kastis
kasiausi, kastis
kaseisi, kastis
kasėsi, kastis
kasėmės, kastis
kasėtės, kastis
kasdavausi, kastis
kasdavaisi, kastis
kasdavosi, kastis
kasdavomės, kastis
kasdavotės, kastis
kasiusi, kastis
kasisi, kastis
kasis, kastis
kasimės, kastis
kasitės, kastis
kasčiausi, kastis
kastumeisi, kastis
kastųsi, kastis
kastu(mė)mės, kastis
kastu(mė)tės, kastis
kąstis, kąstis
kasausi, kąstis
kasaisi, kąstis
kasosi, kąstis
kasomės, kąstis
kasotės, kąstis
kąsks, kąstis
kąskitės, kąstis
kąskimės, kąstis
kasiausi, kąstis
kaseisi, kąstis
kasėsi, kąstis
kasėmės, kąstis
kasėtės, kąstis
kąsdavausi, kąstis
kąsdavaisi, kąstis
kąsdavosi, kąstis
kąsdavomės, kąstis
kąsdavotės, kąstis
kąsiusi, kąstis
kąsisi, kąstis
kąsis, kąstis
kąsimės, kąstis
kąsitės, kąstis
kąsčiausi, kąstis
kąstumeisi, kąstis
kąstųsi, kąstis
kąstu(mė)mės, kąstis
kąstu(mė)tės, kąstis
kasytis, kasytis
kasausi, kasytis
kasaisi, kasytis
kasosi, kasytis
kasomės, kasytis
kasotės, kasytis
kasyks, kasytis
kasykitės, kasytis
kasykimės, kasytis
kasiausi, kasytis
kaseisi, kasytis
kasėsi, kasytis
kasėmės, kasytis
kasėtės, kasytis
kasydavausi, kasytis
kasydavaisi, kasytis
kasydavosi, kasytis
kasydavomės, kasytis
kasydavotės, kasytis
kasysiusi, kasytis
kasysisi, kasytis
kasysis, kasytis
kasysimės, kasytis
kasysitės, kasytis
kasyčiausi, kasytis
kasytumeisi, kasytis
kasytųsi, kasytis
kasytu(mė)mės, kasytis
kasytu(mė)tės, kasytis
kauktis, kauktis
kaukiuosi, kauktis
kaukiesi, kauktis
kaukiasi, kauktis
kaukiamės, kauktis
kaukiatės, kauktis
kauks, kauktis
kaukitės, kauktis
kaukimės, kauktis
kaukiausi, kauktis
kaukeisi, kauktis
kaukėsi, kauktis
kaukėmės, kauktis
kaukėtės, kauktis
kaukdavausi, kauktis
kaukdavaisi, kauktis
kaukdavosi, kauktis
kaukdavomės, kauktis
kaukdavotės, kauktis
kauksiusi, kauktis
kauksisi, kauktis
kauksis, kauktis
kauksimės, kauktis
kauksitės, kauktis
kaukčiausi, kauktis
kauktumeisi, kauktis
kauktųsi, kauktis
kauktu(mė)mės, kauktis
kauktu(mė)tės, kauktis
kaulėtis, kaulėtis
kaulėjuosi, kaulėtis
kaulėjiesi, kaulėtis
kaulėjasi, kaulėtis
kaulėjamės, kaulėtis
kaulėjatės, kaulėtis
kaulėks, kaulėtis
kaulėkitės, kaulėtis
kaulėkimės, kaulėtis
kaulėjausi, kaulėtis
kaulėjaisi, kaulėtis
kaulėjosi, kaulėtis
kaulėjomės, kaulėtis
kaulėjotės, kaulėtis
kaulėdavausi, kaulėtis
kaulėdavaisi, kaulėtis
kaulėdavosi, kaulėtis
kaulėdavomės, kaulėtis
kaulėdavotės, kaulėtis
kaulėsiusi, kaulėtis
kaulėsisi, kaulėtis
kaulėsis, kaulėtis
kaulėsimės, kaulėtis
kaulėsitės, kaulėtis
kaulėčiausi, kaulėtis
kaulėtumeisi, kaulėtis
kaulėtųsi, kaulėtis
kaulėtu(mė)mės, kaulėtis
kaulėtu(mė)tės, kaulėtis
kauptis, kauptis
kaupiuosi, kauptis
kaupiesi, kauptis
kaupiasi, kauptis
kaupiamės, kauptis
kaupiatės, kauptis
kaupks, kauptis
kaupkitės, kauptis
kaupkimės, kauptis
kaupiausi, kauptis
kaupeisi, kauptis
kaupėsi, kauptis
kaupėmės, kauptis
kaupėtės, kauptis
kaupdavausi, kauptis
kaupdavaisi, kauptis
kaupdavosi, kauptis
kaupdavomės, kauptis
kaupdavotės, kauptis
kaupsiusi, kauptis
kaupsisi, kauptis
kaupsis, kauptis
kaupsimės, kauptis
kaupsitės, kauptis
kaupčiausi, kauptis
kauptumeisi, kauptis
kauptųsi, kauptis
kauptu(mė)mės, kauptis
kauptu(mė)tės, kauptis
kaustytis, kaustytis
kaustausi, kaustytis
kaustaisi, kaustytis
kaustosi, kaustytis
kaustomės, kaustytis
kaustotės, kaustytis
kaustyks, kaustytis
kaustykitės, kaustytis
kaustykimės, kaustytis
kausteisi, kaustytis
kaustėsi, kaustytis
kaustėmės, kaustytis
kaustėtės, kaustytis
kaustydavausi, kaustytis
kaustydavaisi, kaustytis
kaustydavosi, kaustytis
kaustydavomės, kaustytis
kaustydavotės, kaustytis
kaustysiusi, kaustytis
kaustysisi, kaustytis
kaustysis, kaustytis
kaustysimės, kaustytis
kaustysitės, kaustytis
kaustyčiausi, kaustytis
kaustytumeisi, kaustytis
kaustytųsi, kaustytis
kaustytu(mė)mės, kaustytis
kaustytu(mė)tės, kaustytis
kautis, kautis
kaunuosi, kautis
kauniesi, kautis
kaunasi, kautis
kaunamės, kautis
kaunatės, kautis
kauks, kautis
kaukitės, kautis
kaukimės, kautis
koviausi, kautis
koveisi, kautis
kovėsi, kautis
kovėmės, kautis
kovėtės, kautis
kaudavausi, kautis
kaudavaisi, kautis
kaudavosi, kautis
kaudavomės, kautis
kaudavotės, kautis
kausiusi, kautis
kausisi, kautis
kausis, kautis
kausimės, kautis
kausitės, kautis
kaučiausi, kautis
kautumeisi, kautis
kautųsi, kautis
kautu(mė)mės, kautis
kautu(mė)tės, kautis
kavotis, kavotis
kavojuosi, kavotis
kavojiesi, kavotis
kavojasi, kavotis
kavojamės, kavotis
kavojatės, kavotis
kavoks, kavotis
kavokitės, kavotis
kavokimės, kavotis
kavojausi, kavotis
kavojaisi, kavotis
kavojosi, kavotis
kavojomės, kavotis
kavojotės, kavotis
kavodavausi, kavotis
kavodavaisi, kavotis
kavodavosi, kavotis
kavodavomės, kavotis
kavodavotės, kavotis
kavosiusi, kavotis
kavosisi, kavotis
kavosis, kavotis
kavosimės, kavotis
kavositės, kavotis
kavočiausi, kavotis
kavotumeisi, kavotis
kavotųsi, kavotis
kavotu(mė)mės, kavotis
kavotu(mė)tės, kavotis
kedentis, kedentis
kedenuosi, kedentis
kedeniesi, kedentis
kedenasi, kedentis
kedenamės, kedentis
kedenatės, kedentis
kedenks, kedentis
kedenkitės, kedentis
kedenkimės, kedentis
kedenausi, kedentis
kedenaisi, kedentis
kedenosi, kedentis
kedenomės, kedentis
kedenotės, kedentis
kedendavausi, kedentis
kedendavaisi, kedentis
kedendavosi, kedentis
kedendavomės, kedentis
kedendavotės, kedentis
kedensiusi, kedentis
kedensisi, kedentis
kedensis, kedentis
kedensimės, kedentis
kedensitės, kedentis
kedenčiausi, kedentis
kedentumeisi, kedentis
kedentųsi, kedentis
kedentu(mė)mės, kedentis
kedentu(mė)tės, kedentis
keiksnotis, keiksnotis
keiksnojuosi, keiksnotis
keiksnojiesi, keiksnotis
keiksnojasi, keiksnotis
keiksnojamės, keiksnotis
keiksnojatės, keiksnotis
keiksnoks, keiksnotis
keiksnokitės, keiksnotis
keiksnokimės, keiksnotis
keiksnojausi, keiksnotis
keiksnojaisi, keiksnotis
keiksnojosi, keiksnotis
keiksnojomės, keiksnotis
keiksnojotės, keiksnotis
keiksnodavausi, keiksnotis
keiksnodavaisi, keiksnotis
keiksnodavosi, keiksnotis
keiksnodavomės, keiksnotis
keiksnodavotės, keiksnotis
keiksnosiusi, keiksnotis
keiksnosisi, keiksnotis
keiksnosis, keiksnotis
keiksnosimės, keiksnotis
keiksnositės, keiksnotis
keiksnočiausi, keiksnotis
keiksnotumeisi, keiksnotis
keiksnotųsi, keiksnotis
keiksnotu(mė)mės, keiksnotis
keiksnotu(mė)tės, keiksnotis
keiktis, keiktis
keikiuosi, keiktis
keikiesi, keiktis
keikiasi, keiktis
keikiamės, keiktis
keikiatės, keiktis
keiks, keiktis
keikitės, keiktis
keikimės, keiktis
keikiausi, keiktis
keikeisi, keiktis
keikėsi, keiktis
keikėmės, keiktis
keikėtės, keiktis
keikdavausi, keiktis
keikdavaisi, keiktis
keikdavosi, keiktis
keikdavomės, keiktis
keikdavotės, keiktis
keiksiusi, keiktis
keiksisi, keiktis
keiksis, keiktis
keiksimės, keiktis
keiksitės, keiktis
keikčiausi, keiktis
keiktumeisi, keiktis
keiktųsi, keiktis
keiktu(mė)mės, keiktis
keiktu(mė)tės, keiktis
keistis, keistis
keičiuosi, keistis
keičiesi, keistis
keičiasi, keistis
keičiamės, keistis
keičiatės, keistis
keisks, keistis
keiskitės, keistis
keiskimės, keistis
keiteisi, keistis
keitėsi, keistis
keitėmės, keistis
keitėtės, keistis
keisdavausi, keistis
keisdavaisi, keistis
keisdavosi, keistis
keisdavomės, keistis
keisdavotės, keistis
keisiusi, keistis
keisisi, keistis
keisis, keistis
keisimės, keistis
keisitės, keistis
keisčiausi, keistis
keistumeisi, keistis
keistųsi, keistis
keistu(mė)mės, keistis
keistu(mė)tės, keistis
keliautis, keliautis
keliaujuosi, keliautis
keliaujiesi, keliautis
keliaujasi, keliautis
keliaujamės, keliautis
keliaujatės, keliautis
keliauks, keliautis
keliaukitės, keliautis
keliaukimės, keliautis
keliavausi, keliautis
keliavaisi, keliautis
keliavosi, keliautis
keliavomės, keliautis
keliavotės, keliautis
keliaudavausi, keliautis
keliaudavaisi, keliautis
keliaudavosi, keliautis
keliaudavomės, keliautis
keliaudavotės, keliautis
keliausiusi, keliautis
keliausisi, keliautis
keliausis, keliautis
keliausimės, keliautis
keliausitės, keliautis
keliaučiausi, keliautis
keliautumeisi, keliautis
keliautųsi, keliautis
keliautu(mė)mės, keliautis
keliautu(mė)tės, keliautis
keltis, keltis
keliuosi, keltis
keliesi, keltis
keliasi, keltis
keliamės, keltis
keliatės, keltis
kelks, keltis
kelkitės, keltis
kelkimės, keltis
kėliausi, keltis
kėleisi, keltis
kėlėsi, keltis
kėlėmės, keltis
kėlėtės, keltis
keldavausi, keltis
keldavaisi, keltis
keldavosi, keltis
keldavomės, keltis
keldavotės, keltis
kelsiusi, keltis
kelsisi, keltis
kelsis, keltis
kelsimės, keltis
kelsitės, keltis
kelčiausi, keltis
keltumeisi, keltis
keltųsi, keltis
keltu(mė)mės, keltis
keltu(mė)tės, keltis
kenktis, kenktis
kenkiuosi, kenktis
kenkiesi, kenktis
kenkiasi, kenktis
kenkiamės, kenktis
kenkiatės, kenktis
kenks, kenktis
kenkitės, kenktis
kenkimės, kenktis
kenkiausi, kenktis
kenkeisi, kenktis
kenkėsi, kenktis
kenkėmės, kenktis
kenkėtės, kenktis
kenkdavausi, kenktis
kenkdavaisi, kenktis
kenkdavosi, kenktis
kenkdavomės, kenktis
kenkdavotės, kenktis
kenksiusi, kenktis
kenksisi, kenktis
kenksis, kenktis
kenksimės, kenktis
kenksitės, kenktis
kenkčiausi, kenktis
kenktumeisi, kenktis
kenktųsi, kenktis
kenktu(mė)mės, kenktis
kenktu(mė)tės, kenktis
kentėtis, kentėtis
kenčiuosi, kentėtis
kenčiesi, kentėtis
kenčiasi, kentėtis
kenčiamės, kentėtis
kenčiatės, kentėtis
kentėks, kentėtis
kentėkitės, kentėtis
kentėkimės, kentėtis
kentėjausi, kentėtis
kentėjaisi, kentėtis
kentėjosi, kentėtis
kentėjomės, kentėtis
kentėjotės, kentėtis
kentėdavausi, kentėtis
kentėdavaisi, kentėtis
kentėdavosi, kentėtis
kentėdavomės, kentėtis
kentėdavotės, kentėtis
kentėsiusi, kentėtis
kentėsisi, kentėtis
kentėsis, kentėtis
kentėsimės, kentėtis
kentėsitės, kentėtis
kentėčiausi, kentėtis
kentėtumeisi, kentėtis
kentėtųsi, kentėtis
kentėtu(mė)mės, kentėtis
kentėtu(mė)tės, kentėtis
kepintis, kepintis
kepintuosi, kepintis
kepintiesi, kepintis
kepintasi, kepintis
kepintamės, kepintis
kepintatės, kepintis
kepinks, kepintis
kepinkitės, kepintis
kepinkimės, kepintis
kepinausi, kepintis
kepinaisi, kepintis
kepinosi, kepintis
kepinomės, kepintis
kepinotės, kepintis
kepindavausi, kepintis
kepindavaisi, kepintis
kepindavosi, kepintis
kepindavomės, kepintis
kepindavotės, kepintis
kepinsiusi, kepintis
kepinsisi, kepintis
kepinsis, kepintis
kepinsimės, kepintis
kepinsitės, kepintis
kepinčiausi, kepintis
kepintumeisi, kepintis
kepintųsi, kepintis
kepintu(mė)mės, kepintis
kepintu(mė)tės, kepintis
keptis, keptis
kepuosi, keptis
kepiesi, keptis
kepasi, keptis
kepamės, keptis
kepatės, keptis
kepks, keptis
kepkitės, keptis
kepkimės, keptis
kepiausi, keptis
kepeisi, keptis
kepėsi, keptis
kepėmės, keptis
kepėtės, keptis
kepdavausi, keptis
kepdavaisi, keptis
kepdavosi, keptis
kepdavomės, keptis
kepdavotės, keptis
kepsiusi, keptis
kepsisi, keptis
kepsis, keptis
kepsimės, keptis
kepsitės, keptis
kepčiausi, keptis
keptumeisi, keptis
keptųsi, keptis
keptu(mė)mės, keptis
keptu(mė)tės, keptis
kerėtis, kerėtis
keriusi, kerėtis
kerisi, kerėtis
kerisi, kerėtis
kerimės, kerėtis
keritės, kerėtis
kerėks, kerėtis
kerėkitės, kerėtis
kerėkimės, kerėtis
kerėjausi, kerėtis
kerėjaisi, kerėtis
kerėjosi, kerėtis
kerėjomės, kerėtis
kerėjotės, kerėtis
kerėdavausi, kerėtis
kerėdavaisi, kerėtis
kerėdavosi, kerėtis
kerėdavomės, kerėtis
kerėdavotės, kerėtis
kerėsiusi, kerėtis
kerėsisi, kerėtis
kerėsis, kerėtis
kerėsimės, kerėtis
kerėsitės, kerėtis
kerėčiausi, kerėtis
kerėtumeisi, kerėtis
kerėtųsi, kerėtis
kerėtu(mė)mės, kerėtis
kerėtu(mė)tės, kerėtis
kergtis, kergtis
kergiuosi, kergtis
kergiesi, kergtis
kergiasi, kergtis
kergiamės, kergtis
kergiatės, kergtis
kerks, kergtis
kerkitės, kergtis
kerkimės, kergtis
kergiausi, kergtis
kergeisi, kergtis
kergėsi, kergtis
kergėmės, kergtis
kergėtės, kergtis
kergdavausi, kergtis
kergdavaisi, kergtis
kergdavosi, kergtis
kergdavomės, kergtis
kergdavotės, kergtis
kergsiusi, kergtis
kergsisi, kergtis
kergsis, kergtis
kergsimės, kergtis
kergsitės, kergtis
kergčiausi, kergtis
kergtumeisi, kergtis
kergtųsi, kergtis
kergtu(mė)mės, kergtis
kergtu(mė)tės, kergtis
kerpėtis, kerpėtis
kerpėjuosi, kerpėtis
kerpėjiesi, kerpėtis
kerpėjasi, kerpėtis
kerpėjamės, kerpėtis
kerpėjatės, kerpėtis
kerpėks, kerpėtis
kerpėkitės, kerpėtis
kerpėkimės, kerpėtis
kerpėjausi, kerpėtis
kerpėjaisi, kerpėtis
kerpėjosi, kerpėtis
kerpėjomės, kerpėtis
kerpėjotės, kerpėtis
kerpėdavausi, kerpėtis
kerpėdavaisi, kerpėtis
kerpėdavosi, kerpėtis
kerpėdavomės, kerpėtis
kerpėdavotės, kerpėtis
kerpėsiusi, kerpėtis
kerpėsisi, kerpėtis
kerpėsis, kerpėtis
kerpėsimės, kerpėtis
kerpėsitės, kerpėtis
kerpėčiausi, kerpėtis
kerpėtumeisi, kerpėtis
kerpėtųsi, kerpėtis
kerpėtu(mė)mės, kerpėtis
kerpėtu(mė)tės, kerpėtis
kerštautis, kerštautis
kerštaujuosi, kerštautis
kerštaujiesi, kerštautis
kerštaujasi, kerštautis
kerštaujamės, kerštautis
kerštaujatės, kerštautis
kerštauks, kerštautis
kerštaukitės, kerštautis
kerštaukimės, kerštautis
kerštavausi, kerštautis
kerštavaisi, kerštautis
kerštavosi, kerštautis
kerštavomės, kerštautis
kerštavotės, kerštautis
kerštaudavausi, kerštautis
kerštaudavaisi, kerštautis
kerštaudavosi, kerštautis
kerštaudavomės, kerštautis
kerštaudavotės, kerštautis
kerštausiusi, kerštautis
kerštausisi, kerštautis
kerštausis, kerštautis
kerštausimės, kerštautis
kerštausitės, kerštautis
kerštaučiausi, kerštautis
kerštautumeisi, kerštautis
kerštautųsi, kerštautis
kerštautu(mė)mės, kerštautis
kerštautu(mė)tės, kerštautis
keršytis, keršytis
keršijuosi, keršytis
keršijiesi, keršytis
keršijasi, keršytis
keršijamės, keršytis
keršijatės, keršytis
keršyks, keršytis
keršykitės, keršytis
keršykimės, keršytis
keršijausi, keršytis
keršijaisi, keršytis
keršijosi, keršytis
keršijomės, keršytis
keršijotės, keršytis
keršydavausi, keršytis
keršydavaisi, keršytis
keršydavosi, keršytis
keršydavomės, keršytis
keršydavotės, keršytis
keršysiusi, keršytis
keršysisi, keršytis
keršisis, keršytis
keršysimės, keršytis
keršysitės, keršytis
keršyčiausi, keršytis
keršytumeisi, keršytis
keršytųsi, keršytis
keršytu(mė)mės, keršytis
keršytu(mė)tės, keršytis
kertis, kertis
kęruosi, kertis
kęriesi, kertis
kęrasi, kertis
kęramės, kertis
kęratės, kertis
kerks, kertis
kerkitės, kertis
kerkimės, kertis
kerausi, kertis
keraisi, kertis
kerosi, kertis
keromės, kertis
kerotės, kertis
kerdavausi, kertis
kerdavaisi, kertis
kerdavosi, kertis
kerdavomės, kertis
kerdavotės, kertis
kersiusi, kertis
kersisi, kertis
kersis, kertis
kersimės, kertis
kersitės, kertis
kerčiausi, kertis
kertumeisi, kertis
kertųsi, kertis
kertu(mė)mės, kertis
kertu(mė)tės, kertis
kėstis, kėstis
kečiuosi, kėstis
kečiesi, kėstis
kečiasi, kėstis
kečiamės, kėstis
kečiatės, kėstis
kėsks, kėstis
kėskitės, kėstis
kėskimės, kėstis
kėteisi, kėstis
kėtėsi, kėstis
kėtėmės, kėstis
kėtėtės, kėstis
kėsdavausi, kėstis
kėsdavaisi, kėstis
kėsdavosi, kėstis
kėsdavomės, kėstis
kėsdavotės, kėstis
kėsiusi, kėstis
kėsisi, kėstis
kėsis, kėstis
kėsimės, kėstis
kėsitės, kėstis
kėsčiausi, kėstis
kėstumeisi, kėstis
kėstųsi, kėstis
kėstu(mė)mės, kėstis
kėstu(mė)tės, kėstis
kęstis, kęstis
kęruosi, kęstis
kęriesi, kęstis
kęrasi, kęstis
kęramės, kęstis
kęratės, kęstis
kęsks, kęstis
kęskitės, kęstis
kęskimės, kęstis
kerausi, kęstis
keraisi, kęstis
kerosi, kęstis
keromės, kęstis
kerotės, kęstis
kęsdavausi, kęstis
kęsdavaisi, kęstis
kęsdavosi, kęstis
kęsdavomės, kęstis
kęsdavotės, kęstis
kęsiusi, kęstis
kęsisi, kęstis
kęsis, kęstis
kęsimės, kęstis
kęsitės, kęstis
kęsčiausi, kęstis
kęstumeisi, kęstis
kęstųsi, kęstis
kęstu(mė)mės, kęstis
kęstu(mė)tės, kęstis
ketintis, ketintis
ketinuosi, ketintis
ketiniesi, ketintis
ketinasi, ketintis
ketinamės, ketintis
ketinatės, ketintis
ketinks, ketintis
ketinkitės, ketintis
ketinkimės, ketintis
ketinausi, ketintis
ketinaisi, ketintis
ketinosi, ketintis
ketinomės, ketintis
ketinotės, ketintis
ketindavausi, ketintis
ketindavaisi, ketintis
ketindavosi, ketintis
ketindavomės, ketintis
ketindavotės, ketintis
ketinsiusi, ketintis
ketinsisi, ketintis
ketinsis, ketintis
ketinsimės, ketintis
ketinsitės, ketintis
ketinčiausi, ketintis
ketintumeisi, ketintis
ketintųsi, ketintis
ketintu(mė)mės, ketintis
ketintu(mė)tės, ketintis
keturgubintis, keturgubintis
keturgubinuosi, keturgubintis
keturgubiniesi, keturgubintis
keturgubinasi, keturgubintis
keturgubinamės, keturgubintis
keturgubinatės, keturgubintis
keturgubinks, keturgubintis
keturgubinkitės, keturgubintis
keturgubinkimės, keturgubintis
keturgubinausi, keturgubintis
keturgubinaisi, keturgubintis
keturgubinosi, keturgubintis
keturgubinomės, keturgubintis
keturgubinotės, keturgubintis
keturgubindavausi, keturgubintis
keturgubindavaisi, keturgubintis
keturgubindavosi, keturgubintis
keturgubindavomės, keturgubintis
keturgubindavotės, keturgubintis
keturgubinsiusi, keturgubintis
keturgubinsisi, keturgubintis
keturgubinsis, keturgubintis
keturgubinsimės, keturgubintis
keturgubinsitės, keturgubintis
keturgubinčiausi, keturgubintis
keturgubintumeisi, keturgubintis
keturgubintųsi, keturgubintis
keturgubintu(mė)mės, keturgubintis
keturgubintu(mė)tės, keturgubintis
kežtis, kežtis
kęžtuosi, kežtis
kęžtiesi, kežtis
kęžtasi, kežtis
kęžtamės, kežtis
kęžtatės, kežtis
kežks, kežtis
kežkitės, kežtis
kežkimės, kežtis
kežausi, kežtis
kežaisi, kežtis
kežosi, kežtis
kežomės, kežtis
kežotės, kežtis
keždavausi, kežtis
keždavaisi, kežtis
keždavosi, kežtis
keždavomės, kežtis
keždavotės, kežtis
kežšiusi, kežtis
kežšisi, kežtis
kežšis, kežtis
kežšimės, kežtis
kežšitės, kežtis
kežčiausi, kežtis
kežtumeisi, kežtis
kežtųsi, kežtis
kežtu(mė)mės, kežtis
kežtu(mė)tės, kežtis
kibirkščiuotis, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuojuosi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuojiesi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuojasi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuojamės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuojatės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuoks, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuokitės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuokimės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiavausi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiavaisi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiavosi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiavomės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiavotės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuodavausi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuodavaisi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuodavosi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuodavomės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuodavotės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuosiusi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuosisi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuosis, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuosimės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuositės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuočiausi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuotumeisi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuotųsi, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuotu(mė)mės, kibirkščiuotis
kibirkščiuotu(mė)tės, kibirkščiuotis
kibtis, kibtis
kimbuosi, kibtis
kimbiesi, kibtis
kimbasi, kibtis
kimbamės, kibtis
kimbatės, kibtis
kibks, kibtis
kibkitės, kibtis
kibkimės, kibtis
kibausi, kibtis
kibaisi, kibtis
kibosi, kibtis
kibomės, kibtis
kibotės, kibtis
kibdavausi, kibtis
kibdavaisi, kibtis
kibdavosi, kibtis
kibdavomės, kibtis
kibdavotės, kibtis
kibsiusi, kibtis
kibsisi, kibtis
kibsis, kibtis
kibsimės, kibtis
kibsitės, kibtis
kibčiausi, kibtis
kibtumeisi, kibtis
kibtųsi, kibtis
kibtu(mė)mės, kibtis
kibtu(mė)tės, kibtis
kikentis, kikentis
kikenuosi, kikentis
kikeniesi, kikentis
kikenasi, kikentis
kikenamės, kikentis
kikenatės, kikentis
kikenks, kikentis
kikenkitės, kikentis
kikenkimės, kikentis
kikenausi, kikentis
kikenaisi, kikentis
kikenosi, kikentis
kikenomės, kikentis
kikenotės, kikentis
kikendavausi, kikentis
kikendavaisi, kikentis
kikendavosi, kikentis
kikendavomės, kikentis
kikendavotės, kikentis
kikensiusi, kikentis
kikensisi, kikentis
kikensis, kikentis
kikensimės, kikentis
kikensitės, kikentis
kikenčiausi, kikentis
kikentumeisi, kikentis
kikentųsi, kikentis
kikentu(mė)mės, kikentis
kikentu(mė)tės, kikentis
kilnėtis, kilnėtis
kilnėjuosi, kilnėtis
kilnėjiesi, kilnėtis
kilnėjasi, kilnėtis
kilnėjamės, kilnėtis
kilnėjatės, kilnėtis
kilnėks, kilnėtis
kilnėkitės, kilnėtis
kilnėkimės, kilnėtis
kilnėjausi, kilnėtis
kilnėjaisi, kilnėtis
kilnėjosi, kilnėtis
kilnėjomės, kilnėtis
kilnėjotės, kilnėtis
kilnėdavausi, kilnėtis
kilnėdavaisi, kilnėtis
kilnėdavosi, kilnėtis
kilnėdavomės, kilnėtis
kilnėdavotės, kilnėtis
kilnėsiusi, kilnėtis
kilnėsisi, kilnėtis
kilnėsis, kilnėtis
kilnėsimės, kilnėtis
kilnėsitės, kilnėtis
kilnėčiausi, kilnėtis
kilnėtumeisi, kilnėtis
kilnėtųsi, kilnėtis
kilnėtu(mė)mės, kilnėtis
kilnėtu(mė)tės, kilnėtis
kilnotis, kilnotis
kilnojuosi, kilnotis
kilnojiesi, kilnotis
kilnojasi, kilnotis
kilnojamės, kilnotis
kilnojatės, kilnotis
kilnoks, kilnotis
kilnokitės, kilnotis
kilnokimės, kilnotis
kilnojausi, kilnotis
kilnojaisi, kilnotis
kilnojosi, kilnotis
kilnojomės, kilnotis
kilnojotės, kilnotis
kilnodavausi, kilnotis
kilnodavaisi, kilnotis
kilnodavosi, kilnotis
kilnodavomės, kilnotis
kilnodavotės, kilnotis
kilnosiusi, kilnotis
kilnosisi, kilnotis
kilnosis, kilnotis
kilnosimės, kilnotis
kilnositės, kilnotis
kilnočiausi, kilnotis
kilnotumeisi, kilnotis
kilnotųsi, kilnotis
kilnotu(mė)mės, kilnotis
kilnotu(mė)tės, kilnotis
kilstelėtis, kilstelėtis
kilsteliusi, kilstelėtis
kilstelisi, kilstelėtis
kilstelisi, kilstelėtis
kilstelimės, kilstelėtis
kilstelitės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėks, kilstelėtis
kilstelėkitės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėkimės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėjausi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėjaisi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėjosi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėjomės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėjotės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėdavausi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėdavaisi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėdavosi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėdavomės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėdavotės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėsiusi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėsisi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėsis, kilstelėtis
kilstelėsimės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėsitės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėčiausi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėtumeisi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėtųsi, kilstelėtis
kilstelėtu(mė)mės, kilstelėtis
kilstelėtu(mė)tės, kilstelėtis
kiltis, kiltis
kyluosi, kiltis
kyliesi, kiltis
kylasi, kiltis
kylamės, kiltis
kylatės, kiltis
kilks, kiltis
kilkitės, kiltis
kilkimės, kiltis
kilausi, kiltis
kilaisi, kiltis
kilosi, kiltis
kilomės, kiltis
kilotės, kiltis
kildavausi, kiltis
kildavaisi, kiltis
kildavosi, kiltis
kildavomės, kiltis
kildavotės, kiltis
kilsiusi, kiltis
kilsisi, kiltis
kilsis, kiltis
kilsimės, kiltis
kilsitės, kiltis
kilčiausi, kiltis
kiltumeisi, kiltis
kiltųsi, kiltis
kiltu(mė)mės, kiltis
kiltu(mė)tės, kiltis
kimštis, kimštis
kemšuosi, kimštis
kemšiesi, kimštis
kemšasi, kimštis
kemšamės, kimštis
kemšatės, kimštis
kimšks, kimštis
kimškitės, kimštis
kimškimės, kimštis
kimšausi, kimštis
kimšaisi, kimštis
kimšosi, kimštis
kimšomės, kimštis
kimšotės, kimštis
kimšdavausi, kimštis
kimšdavaisi, kimštis
kimšdavosi, kimštis
kimšdavomės, kimštis
kimšdavotės, kimštis
kimššiusi, kimštis
kimššisi, kimštis
kimššis, kimštis
kimššimės, kimštis
kimššitės, kimštis
kimščiausi, kimštis
kimštumeisi, kimštis
kimštųsi, kimštis
kimštu(mė)mės, kimštis
kimštu(mė)tės, kimštis
kinkytis, kinkytis
kinkausi, kinkytis
kinkaisi, kinkytis
kinkosi, kinkytis
kinkomės, kinkytis
kinkotės, kinkytis
kinkyks, kinkytis
kinkykitės, kinkytis
kinkykimės, kinkytis
kinkiausi, kinkytis
kinkeisi, kinkytis
kinkėsi, kinkytis
kinkėmės, kinkytis
kinkėtės, kinkytis
kinkydavausi, kinkytis
kinkydavaisi, kinkytis
kinkydavosi, kinkytis
kinkydavomės, kinkytis
kinkydavotės, kinkytis
kinkysiusi, kinkytis
kinkysisi, kinkytis
kinkysis, kinkytis
kinkysimės, kinkytis
kinkysitės, kinkytis
kinkyčiausi, kinkytis
kinkytumeisi, kinkytis
kinkytųsi, kinkytis
kinkytu(mė)mės, kinkytis
kinkytu(mė)tės, kinkytis
kirbėtis, kirbėtis
kirbuosi, kirbėtis
kirbiesi, kirbėtis
kirbasi, kirbėtis
kirbamės, kirbėtis
kirbatės, kirbėtis
kirbėks, kirbėtis
kirbėkitės, kirbėtis
kirbėkimės, kirbėtis
kirbėjausi, kirbėtis
kirbėjaisi, kirbėtis
kirbėjosi, kirbėtis
kirbėjomės, kirbėtis
kirbėjotės, kirbėtis
kirbėdavausi, kirbėtis
kirbėdavaisi, kirbėtis
kirbėdavosi, kirbėtis
kirbėdavomės, kirbėtis
kirbėdavotės, kirbėtis
kirbėsiusi, kirbėtis
kirbėsisi, kirbėtis
kirbėsis, kirbėtis
kirbėsimės, kirbėtis
kirbėsitės, kirbėtis
kirbėčiausi, kirbėtis
kirbėtumeisi, kirbėtis
kirbėtųsi, kirbėtis
kirbėtu(mė)mės, kirbėtis
kirbėtu(mė)tės, kirbėtis
kirbtis, kirbtis
kirbstuosi, kirbtis
kirbstiesi, kirbtis
kirbstasi, kirbtis
kirbstamės, kirbtis
kirbstatės, kirbtis
kirbks, kirbtis
kirbkitės, kirbtis
kirbkimės, kirbtis
kirbausi, kirbtis
kirbaisi, kirbtis
kirbosi, kirbtis
kirbomės, kirbtis
kirbotės, kirbtis
kirbdavausi, kirbtis
kirbdavaisi, kirbtis
kirbdavosi, kirbtis
kirbdavomės, kirbtis
kirbdavotės, kirbtis
kirbsiusi, kirbtis
kirbsisi, kirbtis
kirbsis, kirbtis
kirbsimės, kirbtis
kirbsitės, kirbtis
kirbčiausi, kirbtis
kirbtumeisi, kirbtis
kirbtųsi, kirbtis
kirbtu(mė)mės, kirbtis
kirbtu(mė)tės, kirbtis
kirčiuotis, kirčiuotis
kirčiuojuosi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuojiesi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuojasi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuojamės, kirčiuotis
kirčiuojatės, kirčiuotis
kirčiuoks, kirčiuotis
kirčiuokitės, kirčiuotis
kirčiuokimės, kirčiuotis
kirčiavausi, kirčiuotis
kirčiavaisi, kirčiuotis
kirčiavosi, kirčiuotis
kirčiavomės, kirčiuotis
kirčiavotės, kirčiuotis
kirčiuodavausi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuodavaisi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuodavosi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuodavomės, kirčiuotis
kirčiuodavotės, kirčiuotis
kirčiuosiusi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuosisi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuosis, kirčiuotis
kirčiuosimės, kirčiuotis
kirčiuositės, kirčiuotis
kirčiuočiausi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuotumeisi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuotųsi, kirčiuotis
kirčiuotu(mė)mės, kirčiuotis
kirčiuotu(mė)tės, kirčiuotis
kirdytis, kirdytis
kirdžausi, kirdytis
kirdaisi, kirdytis
kirdosi, kirdytis
kirdomės, kirdytis
kirdotės, kirdytis
kirdyks, kirdytis
kirdykitės, kirdytis
kirdykimės, kirdytis
kirdeisi, kirdytis
kirdėsi, kirdytis
kirdėmės, kirdytis
kirdėtės, kirdytis
kirdydavausi, kirdytis
kirdydavaisi, kirdytis
kirdydavosi, kirdytis
kirdydavomės, kirdytis
kirdydavotės, kirdytis
kirdysiusi, kirdytis
kirdysisi, kirdytis
kirdysis, kirdytis
kirdysimės, kirdytis
kirdysitės, kirdytis
kirdyčiausi, kirdytis
kirdytumeisi, kirdytis
kirdytųsi, kirdytis
kirdytu(mė)mės, kirdytis
kirdytu(mė)tės, kirdytis
kirkintis, kirkintis
kirkinuosi, kirkintis
kirkiniesi, kirkintis
kirkinasi, kirkintis
kirkinamės, kirkintis
kirkinatės, kirkintis
kirkinks, kirkintis
kirkinkitės, kirkintis
kirkinkimės, kirkintis
kirkinausi, kirkintis
kirkinaisi, kirkintis
kirkinosi, kirkintis
kirkinomės, kirkintis
kirkinotės, kirkintis
kirkindavausi, kirkintis
kirkindavaisi, kirkintis
kirkindavosi, kirkintis
kirkindavomės, kirkintis
kirkindavotės, kirkintis
kirkinsiusi, kirkintis
kirkinsisi, kirkintis
kirkinsis, kirkintis
kirkinsimės, kirkintis
kirkinsitės, kirkintis
kirkinčiausi, kirkintis
kirkintumeisi, kirkintis
kirkintųsi, kirkintis
kirkintu(mė)mės, kirkintis
kirkintu(mė)tės, kirkintis
kirmytis, kirmytis
kirmijuosi, kirmytis
kirmijiesi, kirmytis
kirmijasi, kirmytis
kirmijamės, kirmytis
kirmijatės, kirmytis
kirmyks, kirmytis
kirmykitės, kirmytis
kirmykimės, kirmytis
kirmijausi, kirmytis
kirmijaisi, kirmytis
kirmijosi, kirmytis
kirmijomės, kirmytis
kirmijotės, kirmytis
kirmydavausi, kirmytis
kirmydavaisi, kirmytis
kirmydavosi, kirmytis
kirmydavomės, kirmytis
kirmydavotės, kirmytis
kirmysiusi, kirmytis
kirmysisi, kirmytis
kirmisis, kirmytis
kirmysimės, kirmytis
kirmysitės, kirmytis
kirmyčiausi, kirmytis
kirmytumeisi, kirmytis
kirmytųsi, kirmytis
kirmytu(mė)mės, kirmytis
kirmytu(mė)tės, kirmytis
kirptis, kirptis
kerpuosi, kirptis
kerpiesi, kirptis
kerpasi, kirptis
kerpamės, kirptis
kerpatės, kirptis
kirpks, kirptis
kirpkitės, kirptis
kirpkimės, kirptis
kirpausi, kirptis
kirpaisi, kirptis
kirposi, kirptis
kirpomės, kirptis
kirpotės, kirptis
kirpdavausi, kirptis
kirpdavaisi, kirptis
kirpdavosi, kirptis
kirpdavomės, kirptis
kirpdavotės, kirptis
kirpsiusi, kirptis
kirpsisi, kirptis
kirpsis, kirptis
kirpsimės, kirptis
kirpsitės, kirptis
kirpčiausi, kirptis
kirptumeisi, kirptis
kirptųsi, kirptis
kirptu(mė)mės, kirptis
kirptu(mė)tės, kirptis
kiršintis, kiršintis
kiršinuosi, kiršintis
kiršiniesi, kiršintis
kiršinasi, kiršintis
kiršinamės, kiršintis
kiršinatės, kiršintis
kiršinks, kiršintis
kiršinkitės, kiršintis
kiršinkimės, kiršintis
kiršinausi, kiršintis
kiršinaisi, kiršintis
kiršinosi, kiršintis
kiršinomės, kiršintis
kiršinotės, kiršintis
kiršindavausi, kiršintis
kiršindavaisi, kiršintis
kiršindavosi, kiršintis
kiršindavomės, kiršintis
kiršindavotės, kiršintis
kiršinsiusi, kiršintis
kiršinsisi, kiršintis
kiršinsis, kiršintis
kiršinsimės, kiršintis
kiršinsitės, kiršintis
kiršinčiausi, kiršintis
kiršintumeisi, kiršintis
kiršintųsi, kiršintis
kiršintu(mė)mės, kiršintis
kiršintu(mė)tės, kiršintis
kirstis, kirstis
kertuosi, kirstis
kertiesi, kirstis
kertasi, kirstis
kertamės, kirstis
kertatės, kirstis
kirsks, kirstis
kirskitės, kirstis
kirskimės, kirstis
kirtausi, kirstis
kirtaisi, kirstis
kirtosi, kirstis
kirtomės, kirstis
kirtotės, kirstis
kirsdavausi, kirstis
kirsdavaisi, kirstis
kirsdavosi, kirstis
kirsdavomės, kirstis
kirsdavotės, kirstis
kirsiusi, kirstis
kirsisi, kirstis
kirsis, kirstis
kirsimės, kirstis
kirsitės, kirstis
kirsčiausi, kirstis
kirstumeisi, kirstis
kirstųsi, kirstis
kirstu(mė)mės, kirstis
kirstu(mė)tės, kirstis
kiškiakopūsteliautis, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaujuosi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaujiesi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaujasi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaujamės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaujatės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliauks, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaukitės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaukimės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliavausi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliavaisi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliavosi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliavomės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliavotės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaudavausi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaudavaisi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaudavosi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaudavomės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaudavotės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliausiusi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliausisi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliausis, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliausimės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliausitės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliaučiausi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliautumeisi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliautųsi, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliautu(mė)mės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kiškiakopūsteliautu(mė)tės, kiškiakopūsteliautis
kistis, kistis
kintuosi, kistis
kintiesi, kistis
kintasi, kistis
kintamės, kistis
kintatės, kistis
kisks, kistis
kiskitės, kistis
kiskimės, kistis
kitausi, kistis
kitaisi, kistis
kitosi, kistis
kitomės, kistis
kitotės, kistis
kisdavausi, kistis
kisdavaisi, kistis
kisdavosi, kistis
kisdavomės, kistis
kisdavotės, kistis
kisiusi, kistis
kisisi, kistis
kisis, kistis
kisimės, kistis
kisitės, kistis
kisčiausi, kistis
kistumeisi, kistis
kistųsi, kistis
kistu(mė)mės, kistis
kistu(mė)tės, kistis
kiurdytis, kiurdytis
kiurdžausi, kiurdytis
kiurdaisi, kiurdytis
kiurdosi, kiurdytis
kiurdomės, kiurdytis
kiurdotės, kiurdytis
kiurdyks, kiurdytis
kiurdykitės, kiurdytis
kiurdykimės, kiurdytis
kiurdeisi, kiurdytis
kiurdėsi, kiurdytis
kiurdėmės, kiurdytis
kiurdėtės, kiurdytis
kiurdydavausi, kiurdytis
kiurdydavaisi, kiurdytis
kiurdydavosi, kiurdytis
kiurdydavomės, kiurdytis
kiurdydavotės, kiurdytis
kiurdysiusi, kiurdytis
kiurdysisi, kiurdytis
kiurdysis, kiurdytis
kiurdysimės, kiurdytis
kiurdysitės, kiurdytis
kiurdyčiausi, kiurdytis
kiurdytumeisi, kiurdytis
kiurdytųsi, kiurdytis
kiurdytu(mė)mės, kiurdytis
kiurdytu(mė)tės, kiurdytis
klaidintis, klaidintis
klaidinuosi, klaidintis
klaidiniesi, klaidintis
klaidinasi, klaidintis
klaidinamės, klaidintis
klaidinatės, klaidintis
klaidinks, klaidintis
klaidinkitės, klaidintis
klaidinkimės, klaidintis
klaidinausi, klaidintis
klaidinaisi, klaidintis
klaidinosi, klaidintis
klaidinomės, klaidintis
klaidinotės, klaidintis
klaidindavausi, klaidintis
klaidindavaisi, klaidintis
klaidindavosi, klaidintis
klaidindavomės, klaidintis
klaidindavotės, klaidintis
klaidinsiusi, klaidintis
klaidinsisi, klaidintis
klaidinsis, klaidintis
klaidinsimės, klaidintis
klaidinsitės, klaidintis
klaidinčiausi, klaidintis
klaidintumeisi, klaidintis
klaidintųsi, klaidintis
klaidintu(mė)mės, klaidintis
klaidintu(mė)tės, klaidintis
klaidžiotis, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojuosi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojiesi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojasi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojamės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojatės, klaidžiotis
klaidžioks, klaidžiotis
klaidžiokitės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiokimės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojausi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojaisi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojosi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojomės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiojotės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiodavausi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiodavaisi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiodavosi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiodavomės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiodavotės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiosiusi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiosisi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiosis, klaidžiotis
klaidžiosimės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiositės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiočiausi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiotumeisi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiotųsi, klaidžiotis
klaidžiotu(mė)mės, klaidžiotis
klaidžiotu(mė)tės, klaidžiotis
klajotis, klajotis
klajojuosi, klajotis
klajojiesi, klajotis
klajojasi, klajotis
klajojamės, klajotis
klajojatės, klajotis
klajoks, klajotis
klajokitės, klajotis
klajokimės, klajotis
klajojausi, klajotis
klajojaisi, klajotis
klajojosi, klajotis
klajojomės, klajotis
klajojotės, klajotis
klajodavausi, klajotis
klajodavaisi, klajotis
klajodavosi, klajotis
klajodavomės, klajotis
klajodavotės, klajotis
klajosiusi, klajotis
klajosisi, klajotis
klajosis, klajotis
klajosimės, klajotis
klajositės, klajotis
klajočiausi, klajotis
klajotumeisi, klajotis
klajotųsi, klajotis
klajotu(mė)mės, klajotis
klajotu(mė)tės, klajotis
klastotis, klastotis
klastojuosi, klastotis
klastojiesi, klastotis
klastojasi, klastotis
klastojamės, klastotis
klastojatės, klastotis
klastoks, klastotis
klastokitės, klastotis
klastokimės, klastotis
klastojausi, klastotis
klastojaisi, klastotis
klastojosi, klastotis
klastojomės, klastotis
klastojotės, klastotis
klastodavausi, klastotis
klastodavaisi, klastotis
klastodavosi, klastotis
klastodavomės, klastotis
klastodavotės, klastotis
klastosiusi, klastotis
klastosisi, klastotis
klastosis, klastotis
klastosimės, klastotis
klastositės, klastotis
klastočiausi, klastotis
klastotumeisi, klastotis
klastotųsi, klastotis
klastotu(mė)mės, klastotis
klastotu(mė)tės, klastotis
klauptis, klauptis
klaupiuosi, klauptis
klaupiesi, klauptis
klaupiasi, klauptis
klaupiamės, klauptis
klaupiatės, klauptis
klaupks, klauptis
klaupkitės, klauptis
klaupkimės, klauptis
klaupiausi, klauptis
klaupeisi, klauptis
klaupėsi, klauptis
klaupėmės, klauptis
klaupėtės, klauptis
klaupdavausi, klauptis
klaupdavaisi, klauptis
klaupdavosi, klauptis
klaupdavomės, klauptis
klaupdavotės, klauptis
klaupsiusi, klauptis
klaupsisi, klauptis
klaupsis, klauptis
klaupsimės, klauptis
klaupsitės, klauptis
klaupčiausi, klauptis
klauptumeisi, klauptis
klauptųsi, klauptis
klauptu(mė)mės, klauptis
klauptu(mė)tės, klauptis
klausinėtis, klausinėtis
klausinėjuosi, klausinėtis
klausinėjiesi, klausinėtis
klausinėjasi, klausinėtis
klausinėjamės, klausinėtis
klausinėjatės, klausinėtis
klausinėks, klausinėtis
klausinėkitės, klausinėtis
klausinėkimės, klausinėtis
klausinėjausi, klausinėtis
klausinėjaisi, klausinėtis
klausinėjosi, klausinėtis
klausinėjomės, klausinėtis
klausinėjotės, klausinėtis
klausinėdavausi, klausinėtis
klausinėdavaisi, klausinėtis
klausinėdavosi, klausinėtis
klausinėdavomės, klausinėtis
klausinėdavotės, klausinėtis
klausinėsiusi, klausinėtis
klausinėsisi, klausinėtis
klausinėsis, klausinėtis
klausinėsimės, klausinėtis
klausinėsitės, klausinėtis
klausinėčiausi, klausinėtis
klausinėtumeisi, klausinėtis
klausinėtųsi, klausinėtis
klausinėtu(mė)mės, klausinėtis
klausinėtu(mė)tės, klausinėtis
klaustis, klaustis
klausiuosi, klaustis
klausiesi, klaustis
klausiasi, klaustis
klausiamės, klaustis
klausiatės, klaustis
klausks, klaustis
klauskitės, klaustis
klauskimės, klaustis
klausiausi, klaustis
klauseisi, klaustis
klausėsi, klaustis
klausėmės, klaustis
klausėtės, klaustis
klausdavausi, klaustis
klausdavaisi, klaustis
klausdavosi, klaustis
klausdavomės, klaustis
klausdavotės, klaustis
klausiusi, klaustis
klausisi, klaustis
klausis, klaustis
klausimės, klaustis
klausitės, klaustis
klausčiausi, klaustis
klaustumeisi, klaustis
klaustųsi, klaustis
klaustu(mė)mės, klaustis
klaustu(mė)tės, klaustis
klausytis, klausytis
klausausi, klausytis
klausaisi, klausytis
klausosi, klausytis
klausomės, klausytis
klausotės, klausytis
klausyks, klausytis
klausykitės, klausytis
klausykimės, klausytis
klausiausi, klausytis
klauseisi, klausytis
klausėsi, klausytis
klausėmės, klausytis
klausėtės, klausytis
klausydavausi, klausytis
klausydavaisi, klausytis
klausydavosi, klausytis
klausydavomės, klausytis
klausydavotės, klausytis
klausysiusi, klausytis
klausysisi, klausytis
klausysis, klausytis
klausysimės, klausytis
klausysitės, klausytis
klausyčiausi, klausytis
klausytumeisi, klausytis
klausytųsi, klausytis
klausytu(mė)mės, klausytis
klausytu(mė)tės, klausytis
klertis, klertis
klęruosi, klertis
klęriesi, klertis
klęrasi, klertis
klęramės, klertis
klęratės, klertis
klerks, klertis
klerkitės, klertis
klerkimės, klertis
klerausi, klertis
kleraisi, klertis
klerosi, klertis
kleromės, klertis
klerotės, klertis
klerdavausi, klertis
klerdavaisi, klertis
klerdavosi, klertis
klerdavomės, klertis
klerdavotės, klertis
klersiusi, klertis
klersisi, klertis
klersis, klertis
klersimės, klertis
klersitės, klertis
klerčiausi, klertis
klertumeisi, klertis
klertųsi, klertis
klertu(mė)mės, klertis
klertu(mė)tės, klertis
klestėtis, klestėtis
klestiusi, klestėtis
klestisi, klestėtis
klestisi, klestėtis
klestimės, klestėtis
klestitės, klestėtis
klestėks, klestėtis
klestėkitės, klestėtis
klestėkimės, klestėtis
klestėjausi, klestėtis
klestėjaisi, klestėtis
klestėjosi, klestėtis
klestėjomės, klestėtis
klestėjotės, klestėtis
klestėdavausi, klestėtis
klestėdavaisi, klestėtis
klestėdavosi, klestėtis
klestėdavomės, klestėtis
klestėdavotės, klestėtis
klestėsiusi, klestėtis
klestėsisi, klestėtis
klestėsis, klestėtis
klestėsimės, klestėtis
klestėsitės, klestėtis
klestėčiausi, klestėtis
klestėtumeisi, klestėtis
klestėtųsi, klestėtis
klestėtu(mė)mės, klestėtis
klestėtu(mė)tės, klestėtis
klibintis, klibintis
klibinuosi, klibintis
klibiniesi, klibintis
klibinasi, klibintis
klibinamės, klibintis
klibinatės, klibintis
klibinks, klibintis
klibinkitės, klibintis
klibinkimės, klibintis
klibinausi, klibintis
klibinaisi, klibintis
klibinosi, klibintis
klibinomės, klibintis
klibinotės, klibintis
klibindavausi, klibintis
klibindavaisi, klibintis
klibindavosi, klibintis
klibindavomės, klibintis
klibindavotės, klibintis
klibinsiusi, klibintis
klibinsisi, klibintis
klibinsis, klibintis
klibinsimės, klibintis
klibinsitės, klibintis
klibinčiausi, klibintis
klibintumeisi, klibintis
klibintųsi, klibintis
klibintu(mė)mės, klibintis
klibintu(mė)tės, klibintis
kliedėtis, kliedėtis
kliedžiusi, kliedėtis
kliedisi, kliedėtis
kliedisi, kliedėtis
kliedimės, kliedėtis
klieditės, kliedėtis
kliedėks, kliedėtis
kliedėkitės, kliedėtis
kliedėkimės, kliedėtis
kliedėjausi, kliedėtis
kliedėjaisi, kliedėtis
kliedėjosi, kliedėtis
kliedėjomės, kliedėtis
kliedėjotės, kliedėtis
kliedėdavausi, kliedėtis
kliedėdavaisi, kliedėtis
kliedėdavosi, kliedėtis
kliedėdavomės, kliedėtis
kliedėdavotės, kliedėtis
kliedėsiusi, kliedėtis
kliedėsisi, kliedėtis
kliedėsis, kliedėtis
kliedėsimės, kliedėtis
kliedėsitės, kliedėtis
kliedėčiausi, kliedėtis
kliedėtumeisi, kliedėtis
kliedėtųsi, kliedėtis
kliedėtu(mė)mės, kliedėtis
kliedėtu(mė)tės, kliedėtis
klijuotis, klijuotis
klijuojuosi, klijuotis
klijuojiesi, klijuotis
klijuojasi, klijuotis
klijuojamės, klijuotis
klijuojatės, klijuotis
klijuoks, klijuotis
klijuokitės, klijuotis
klijuokimės, klijuotis
klijavausi, klijuotis
klijavaisi, klijuotis
klijavosi, klijuotis
klijavomės, klijuotis
klijavotės, klijuotis
klijuodavausi, klijuotis
klijuodavaisi, klijuotis
klijuodavosi, klijuotis
klijuodavomės, klijuotis
klijuodavotės, klijuotis
klijuosiusi, klijuotis
klijuosisi, klijuotis
klijuosis, klijuotis
klijuosimės, klijuotis
klijuositės, klijuotis
klijuočiausi, klijuotis
klijuotumeisi, klijuotis
klijuotųsi, klijuotis
klijuotu(mė)mės, klijuotis
klijuotu(mė)tės, klijuotis
klimptis, klimptis
klimpstuosi, klimptis
klimpstiesi, klimptis
klimpstasi, klimptis
klimpstamės, klimptis
klimpstatės, klimptis
klimpks, klimptis
klimpkitės, klimptis
klimpkimės, klimptis
klimpausi, klimptis
klimpaisi, klimptis
klimposi, klimptis
klimpomės, klimptis
klimpotės, klimptis
klimpdavausi, klimptis
klimpdavaisi, klimptis
klimpdavosi, klimptis
klimpdavomės, klimptis
klimpdavotės, klimptis
klimpsiusi, klimptis
klimpsisi, klimptis
klimpsis, klimptis
klimpsimės, klimptis
klimpsitės, klimptis
klimpčiausi, klimptis
klimptumeisi, klimptis
klimptųsi, klimptis
klimptu(mė)mės, klimptis
klimptu(mė)tės, klimptis
kliudytis, kliudytis
kliudžausi, kliudytis
kliudaisi, kliudytis
kliudosi, kliudytis
kliudomės, kliudytis
kliudotės, kliudytis
kliudyks, kliudytis
kliudykitės, kliudytis
kliudykimės, kliudytis
kliudeisi, kliudytis
kliudėsi, kliudytis
kliudėmės, kliudytis
kliudėtės, kliudytis
kliudydavausi, kliudytis
kliudydavaisi, kliudytis
kliudydavosi, kliudytis
kliudydavomės, kliudytis
kliudydavotės, kliudytis
kliudysiusi, kliudytis
kliudysisi, kliudytis
kliudysis, kliudytis
kliudysimės, kliudytis
kliudysitės, kliudytis
kliudyčiausi, kliudytis
kliudytumeisi, kliudytis
kliudytųsi, kliudytis
kliudytu(mė)mės, kliudytis
kliudytu(mė)tės, kliudytis
kliustelėtis, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjuosi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjiesi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjasi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjamės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjatės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėks, kliustelėtis
kliustelėkitės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėkimės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjausi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjaisi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjosi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjomės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėjotės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėdavausi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėdavaisi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėdavosi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėdavomės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėdavotės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėsiusi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėsisi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėsis, kliustelėtis
kliustelėsimės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėsitės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėčiausi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėtumeisi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėtųsi, kliustelėtis
kliustelėtu(mė)mės, kliustelėtis
kliustelėtu(mė)tės, kliustelėtis
kliūtis, kliūtis
kliūvuosi, kliūtis
kliūviesi, kliūtis
kliūvasi, kliūtis
kliūvamės, kliūtis
kliūvatės, kliūtis
kliūks, kliūtis
kliūkitės, kliūtis
kliūkimės, kliūtis
kliuvausi, kliūtis
kliuvaisi, kliūtis
kliuvosi, kliūtis
kliuvomės, kliūtis
kliuvotės, kliūtis
kliūdavausi, kliūtis
kliūdavaisi, kliūtis
kliūdavosi, kliūtis
kliūdavomės, kliūtis
kliūdavotės, kliūtis
kliūsiusi, kliūtis
kliūsisi, kliūtis
kliusis, kliūtis
kliūsimės, kliūtis
kliūsitės, kliūtis
kliūčiausi, kliūtis
kliūtumeisi, kliūtis
kliūtųsi, kliūtis
kliūtu(mė)mės, kliūtis
kliūtu(mė)tės, kliūtis
klotis, klotis
klojuosi, klotis
klojiesi, klotis
klojasi, klotis
klojamės, klotis
klojatės, klotis
kloks, klotis
klokitės, klotis
klokimės, klotis
klojausi, klotis
klojaisi, klotis
klojosi, klotis
klojomės, klotis
klojotės, klotis
klodavausi, klotis
klodavaisi, klotis
klodavosi, klotis
klodavomės, klotis
klodavotės, klotis
klosiusi, klotis
klosisi, klotis
klosis, klotis
klosimės, klotis
klositės, klotis
kločiausi, klotis
klotumeisi, klotis
klotųsi, klotis
klotu(mė)mės, klotis
klotu(mė)tės, klotis
klūpėtis, klūpėtis
klūpiusi, klūpėtis
klūpisi, klūpėtis
klūpisi, klūpėtis
klūpimės, klūpėtis
klūpitės, klūpėtis
klūpėks, klūpėtis
klūpėkitės, klūpėtis
klūpėkimės, klūpėtis
klūpėjausi, klūpėtis
klūpėjaisi, klūpėtis
klūpėjosi, klūpėtis
klūpėjomės, klūpėtis
klūpėjotės, klūpėtis
klūpėdavausi, klūpėtis
klūpėdavaisi, klūpėtis
klūpėdavosi, klūpėtis
klūpėdavomės, klūpėtis
klūpėdavotės, klūpėtis
klūpėsiusi, klūpėtis
klūpėsisi, klūpėtis
klūpėsis, klūpėtis
klūpėsimės, klūpėtis
klūpėsitės, klūpėtis
klūpėčiausi, klūpėtis
klūpėtumeisi, klūpėtis
klūpėtųsi, klūpėtis
klūpėtu(mė)mės, klūpėtis
klūpėtu(mė)tės, klūpėtis
klūpotis, klūpotis
klūpausi, klūpotis
klūpaisi, klūpotis
klūposi, klūpotis
klūpomės, klūpotis
klūpotės, klūpotis
klūpoks, klūpotis
klūpokitės, klūpotis
klūpokimės, klūpotis
klūpojausi, klūpotis
klūpojaisi, klūpotis
klūpojosi, klūpotis
klūpojomės, klūpotis
klūpojotės, klūpotis
klūpodavausi, klūpotis
klūpodavaisi, klūpotis
klūpodavosi, klūpotis
klūpodavomės, klūpotis
klūpodavotės, klūpotis
klūposiusi, klūpotis
klūposisi, klūpotis
klūposis, klūpotis
klūposimės, klūpotis
klūpositės, klūpotis
klūpočiausi, klūpotis
klūpotumeisi, klūpotis
klūpotųsi, klūpotis
klūpotu(mė)mės, klūpotis
klūpotu(mė)tės, klūpotis
klyktis, klyktis
klykiuosi, klyktis
klykiesi, klyktis
klykiasi, klyktis
klykiamės, klyktis
klykiatės, klyktis
klyks, klyktis
klykitės, klyktis
klykimės, klyktis
klykiausi, klyktis
klykeisi, klyktis
klykėsi, klyktis
klykėmės, klyktis
klykėtės, klyktis
klykdavausi, klyktis
klykdavaisi, klyktis
klykdavosi, klyktis
klykdavomės, klyktis
klykdavotės, klyktis
klyksiusi, klyktis
klyksisi, klyktis
klyksis, klyktis
klyksimės, klyktis
klyksitės, klyktis
klykčiausi, klyktis
klyktumeisi, klyktis
klyktųsi, klyktis
klyktu(mė)mės, klyktis
klyktu(mė)tės, klyktis
klystis, klystis
klystuosi, klystis
klystiesi, klystis
klystasi, klystis
klystamės, klystis
klystatės, klystis
klysks, klystis
klyskitės, klystis
klyskimės, klystis
klydausi, klystis
klydaisi, klystis
klydosi, klystis
klydomės, klystis
klydotės, klystis
klysdavausi, klystis
klysdavaisi, klystis
klysdavosi, klystis
klysdavomės, klystis
klysdavotės, klystis
klysiusi, klystis
klysisi, klystis
klysis, klystis
klysimės, klystis
klysitės, klystis
klysčiausi, klystis
klystumeisi, klystis
klystųsi, klystis
klystu(mė)mės, klystis
klystu(mė)tės, klystis
knarktis, knarktis
knarkiuosi, knarktis
knarkiesi, knarktis
knarkiasi, knarktis
knarkiamės, knarktis
knarkiatės, knarktis
knarks, knarktis
knarkitės, knarktis
knarkimės, knarktis
knarkiausi, knarktis
knarkeisi, knarktis
knarkėsi, knarktis
knarkėmės, knarktis
knarkėtės, knarktis
knarkdavausi, knarktis
knarkdavaisi, knarktis
knarkdavosi, knarktis
knarkdavomės, knarktis
knarkdavotės, knarktis
knarksiusi, knarktis
knarksisi, knarktis
knarksis, knarktis
knarksimės, knarktis
knarksitės, knarktis
knarkčiausi, knarktis
knarktumeisi, knarktis
knarktųsi, knarktis
knarktu(mė)mės, knarktis
knarktu(mė)tės, knarktis
knežintis, knežintis
knežinuosi, knežintis
knežiniesi, knežintis
knežinasi, knežintis
knežinamės, knežintis
knežinatės, knežintis
knežinks, knežintis
knežinkitės, knežintis
knežinkimės, knežintis
knežinausi, knežintis
knežinaisi, knežintis
knežinosi, knežintis
knežinomės, knežintis
knežinotės, knežintis
knežindavausi, knežintis
knežindavaisi, knežintis
knežindavosi, knežintis
knežindavomės, knežintis
knežindavotės, knežintis
knežinsiusi, knežintis
knežinsisi, knežintis
knežinsis, knežintis
knežinsimės, knežintis
knežinsitės, knežintis
knežinčiausi, knežintis
knežintumeisi, knežintis
knežintųsi, knežintis
knežintu(mė)mės, knežintis
knežintu(mė)tės, knežintis
knežtis, knežtis
knęžuosi, knežtis
knęžiesi, knežtis
knęžasi, knežtis
knęžamės, knežtis
knęžatės, knežtis
knežks, knežtis
knežkitės, knežtis
knežkimės, knežtis
knežausi, knežtis
knežaisi, knežtis
knežosi, knežtis
knežomės, knežtis
knežotės, knežtis
kneždavausi, knežtis
kneždavaisi, knežtis
kneždavosi, knežtis
kneždavomės, knežtis
kneždavotės, knežtis
knežšiusi, knežtis
knežšisi, knežtis
knežšis, knežtis
knežšimės, knežtis
knežšitės, knežtis
knežčiausi, knežtis
knežtumeisi, knežtis
knežtųsi, knežtis
knežtu(mė)mės, knežtis
knežtu(mė)tės, knežtis
kniauktis, kniauktis
kniaukiuosi, kniauktis
kniaukiesi, kniauktis
kniaukiasi, kniauktis
kniaukiamės, kniauktis
kniaukiatės, kniauktis
kniauks, kniauktis
kniaukitės, kniauktis
kniaukimės, kniauktis
kniaukiausi, kniauktis
kniaukeisi, kniauktis
kniaukėsi, kniauktis
kniaukėmės, kniauktis
kniaukėtės, kniauktis
kniaukdavausi, kniauktis
kniaukdavaisi, kniauktis
kniaukdavosi, kniauktis
kniaukdavomės, kniauktis
kniaukdavotės, kniauktis
kniauksiusi, kniauktis
kniauksisi, kniauktis
kniauksis, kniauktis
kniauksimės, kniauktis
kniauksitės, kniauktis
kniaukčiausi, kniauktis
kniauktumeisi, kniauktis
kniauktųsi, kniauktis
kniauktu(mė)mės, kniauktis
kniauktu(mė)tės, kniauktis
knibždėtis, knibždėtis
knibždžuosi, knibždėtis
knibždiesi, knibždėtis
knibždasi, knibždėtis
knibždamės, knibždėtis
knibždatės, knibždėtis
knibždėks, knibždėtis
knibždėkitės, knibždėtis
knibždėkimės, knibždėtis
knibždėjausi, knibždėtis
knibždėjaisi, knibždėtis
knibždėjosi, knibždėtis
knibždėjomės, knibždėtis
knibždėjotės, knibždėtis
knibždėdavausi, knibždėtis
knibždėdavaisi, knibždėtis
knibždėdavosi, knibždėtis
knibždėdavomės, knibždėtis
knibždėdavotės, knibždėtis
knibždėsiusi, knibždėtis
knibždėsisi, knibždėtis
knibždėsis, knibždėtis
knibždėsimės, knibždėtis
knibždėsitės, knibždėtis
knibždėčiausi, knibždėtis
knibždėtumeisi, knibždėtis
knibždėtųsi, knibždėtis
knibždėtu(mė)mės, knibždėtis
knibždėtu(mė)tės, knibždėtis
knistis, knistis
knisuosi, knistis
knisiesi, knistis
knisasi, knistis
knisamės, knistis
knisatės, knistis
knisks, knistis
kniskitės, knistis
kniskimės, knistis
knisausi, knistis
knisaisi, knistis
knisosi, knistis
knisomės, knistis
knisotės, knistis
knisdavausi, knistis
knisdavaisi, knistis
knisdavosi, knistis
knisdavomės, knistis
knisdavotės, knistis
knisiusi, knistis
knisisi, knistis
knisis, knistis
knisimės, knistis
knisitės, knistis
knisčiausi, knistis
knistumeisi, knistis
knistųsi, knistis
knistu(mė)mės, knistis
knistu(mė)tės, knistis
kniūbčiotis, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojuosi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojiesi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojasi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojamės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojatės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčioks, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiokitės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiokimės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojausi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojaisi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojosi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojomės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiojotės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiodavausi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiodavaisi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiodavosi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiodavomės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiodavotės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiosiusi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiosisi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiosis, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiosimės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiositės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiočiausi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiotumeisi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiotųsi, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiotu(mė)mės, kniūbčiotis
kniūbčiotu(mė)tės, kniūbčiotis
koduotis, koduotis
koduojuosi, koduotis
koduojiesi, koduotis
koduojasi, koduotis
koduojamės, koduotis
koduojatės, koduotis
koduoks, koduotis
koduokitės, koduotis
koduokimės, koduotis
kodavausi, koduotis
kodavaisi, koduotis
kodavosi, koduotis
kodavomės, koduotis
kodavotės, koduotis
koduodavausi, koduotis
koduodavaisi, koduotis
koduodavosi, koduotis
koduodavomės, koduotis
koduodavotės, koduotis
koduosiusi, koduotis
koduosisi, koduotis
koduosis, koduotis
koduosimės, koduotis
koduositės, koduotis
koduočiausi, koduotis
koduotumeisi, koduotis
koduotųsi, koduotis
koduotu(mė)mės, koduotis
koduotu(mė)tės, koduotis
kolaboruotis, kolaboruotis
kolaboruojuosi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruojiesi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruojasi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruojamės, kolaboruotis
kolaboruojatės, kolaboruotis
kolaboruoks, kolaboruotis
kolaboruokitės, kolaboruotis
kolaboruokimės, kolaboruotis
kolaboravausi, kolaboruotis
kolaboravaisi, kolaboruotis
kolaboravosi, kolaboruotis
kolaboravomės, kolaboruotis
kolaboravotės, kolaboruotis
kolaboruodavausi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruodavaisi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruodavosi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruodavomės, kolaboruotis
kolaboruodavotės, kolaboruotis
kolaboruosiusi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruosisi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruosis, kolaboruotis
kolaboruosimės, kolaboruotis
kolaboruositės, kolaboruotis
kolaboruočiausi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruotumeisi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruotųsi, kolaboruotis
kolaboruotu(mė)mės, kolaboruotis
kolaboruotu(mė)tės, kolaboruotis
kolekcionuotis, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuojuosi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuojiesi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuojasi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuojamės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuojatės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuoks, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuokitės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuokimės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionavausi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionavaisi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionavosi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionavomės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionavotės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuodavausi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuodavaisi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuodavosi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuodavomės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuodavotės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuosiusi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuosisi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuosis, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuosimės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuositės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuočiausi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuotumeisi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuotųsi, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuotu(mė)mės, kolekcionuotis
kolekcionuotu(mė)tės, kolekcionuotis
kolonizuotis, kolonizuotis
konolizuojuosi, kolonizuotis
konolizuojiesi, kolonizuotis
konolizuojasi, kolonizuotis
konolizuojamės, kolonizuotis
konolizuojatės, kolonizuotis
kolonizuoks, kolonizuotis
kolonizuokitės, kolonizuotis
kolonizuokimės, kolonizuotis
kolonizavausi, kolonizuotis
kolonizavaisi, kolonizuotis
kolonizavosi, kolonizuotis
kolonizavomės, kolonizuotis
kolonizavotės, kolonizuotis
kolonizuodavausi, kolonizuotis
kolonizuodavaisi, kolonizuotis
kolonizuodavosi, kolonizuotis
kolonizuodavomės, kolonizuotis
kolonizuodavotės, kolonizuotis
kolonizuosiusi, kolonizuotis
kolonizuosisi, kolonizuotis
kolonizuosis, kolonizuotis
kolonizuosimės, kolonizuotis
kolonizuositės, kolonizuotis
kolonizuočiausi, kolonizuotis
kolonizuotumeisi, kolonizuotis
kolonizuotųsi, kolonizuotis
kolonizuotu(mė)mės, kolonizuotis
kolonizuotu(mė)tės, kolonizuotis
kombinuotis, kombinuotis
kombinuojuosi, kombinuotis
kombinuojiesi, kombinuotis
kombinuojasi, kombinuotis
kombinuojamės, kombinuotis
kombinuojatės, kombinuotis
kombinuoks, kombinuotis
kombinuokitės, kombinuotis
kombinuokimės, kombinuotis
kombinavausi, kombinuotis
kombinavaisi, kombinuotis
kombinavosi, kombinuotis
kombinavomės, kombinuotis
kombinavotės, kombinuotis
kombinuodavausi, kombinuotis
kombinuodavaisi, kombinuotis
kombinuodavosi, kombinuotis
kombinuodavomės, kombinuotis
kombinuodavotės, kombinuotis
kombinuosiusi, kombinuotis
kombinuosisi, kombinuotis
kombinuosis, kombinuotis
kombinuosimės, kombinuotis
kombinuositės, kombinuotis
kombinuočiausi, kombinuotis
kombinuotumeisi, kombinuotis
kombinuotųsi, kombinuotis
kombinuotu(mė)mės, kombinuotis
kombinuotu(mė)tės, kombinuotis
komentuotis, komentuotis
komentuojuosi, komentuotis
komentuojiesi, komentuotis
komentuojasi, komentuotis
komentuojamės, komentuotis
komentuojatės, komentuotis
komentuoks, komentuotis
komentuokitės, komentuotis
komentuokimės, komentuotis
komentavausi, komentuotis
komentavaisi, komentuotis
komentavosi, komentuotis
komentavomės, komentuotis
komentavotės, komentuotis
komentuodavausi, komentuotis
komentuodavaisi, komentuotis
komentuodavosi, komentuotis
komentuodavomės, komentuotis
komentuodavotės, komentuotis
komentuosiusi, komentuotis
komentuosisi, komentuotis
komentuosis, komentuotis
komentuosimės, komentuotis
komentuositės, komentuotis
komentuočiausi, komentuotis
komentuotumeisi, komentuotis
komentuotųsi, komentuotis
komentuotu(mė)mės, komentuotis
komentuotu(mė)tės, komentuotis
kompensuotis, kompensuotis
kompensuojuosi, kompensuotis
kompensuojiesi, kompensuotis
kompensuojasi, kompensuotis
kompensuojamės, kompensuotis
kompensuojatės, kompensuotis
kompensuoks, kompensuotis
kompensuokitės, kompensuotis
kompensuokimės, kompensuotis
kompensavausi, kompensuotis
kompensavaisi, kompensuotis
kompensavosi, kompensuotis
kompensavomės, kompensuotis
kompensavotės, kompensuotis
kompensuodavausi, kompensuotis
kompensuodavaisi, kompensuotis
kompensuodavosi, kompensuotis
kompensuodavomės, kompensuotis
kompensuodavotės, kompensuotis
kompensuosiusi, kompensuotis
kompensuosisi, kompensuotis
kompensuosis, kompensuotis
kompensuosimės, kompensuotis
kompensuositės, kompensuotis
kompensuočiausi, kompensuotis
kompensuotumeisi, kompensuotis
kompensuotųsi, kompensuotis
kompensuotu(mė)mės, kompensuotis
kompensuotu(mė)tės, kompensuotis
kompiuterizuotis, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuojuosi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuojiesi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuojasi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuojamės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuojatės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuoks, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuokitės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuokimės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizavausi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizavaisi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizavosi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizavomės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizavotės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuodavausi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuodavaisi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuodavosi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuodavomės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuodavotės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuosiusi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuosisi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuosis, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuosimės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuositės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuočiausi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuotumeisi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuotųsi, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuotu(mė)mės, kompiuterizuotis
kompiuterizuotu(mė)tės, kompiuterizuotis
komponuotis, komponuotis
komponuojuosi, komponuotis
komponuojiesi, komponuotis
komponuojasi, komponuotis
komponuojamės, komponuotis
komponuojatės, komponuotis
komponuoks, komponuotis
komponuokitės, komponuotis
komponuokimės, komponuotis
komponavausi, komponuotis
komponavaisi, komponuotis
komponavosi, komponuotis
komponavomės, komponuotis
komponavotės, komponuotis
komponuodavausi, komponuotis
komponuodavaisi, komponuotis
komponuodavosi, komponuotis
komponuodavomės, komponuotis
komponuodavotės, komponuotis
komponuosiusi, komponuotis
komponuosisi, komponuotis
komponuosis, komponuotis
komponuosimės, komponuotis
komponuositės, komponuotis
komponuočiausi, komponuotis
komponuotumeisi, komponuotis
komponuotųsi, komponuotis
komponuotu(mė)mės, komponuotis
komponuotu(mė)tės, komponuotis
komunikuotis, komunikuotis
komunikuojuosi, komunikuotis
komunikuojiesi, komunikuotis
komunikuojasi, komunikuotis
komunikuojamės, komunikuotis
komunikuojatės, komunikuotis
komunikuoks, komunikuotis
komunikuokitės, komunikuotis
komunikuokimės, komunikuotis
komunikavausi, komunikuotis
komunikavaisi, komunikuotis
komunikavosi, komunikuotis
komunikavomės, komunikuotis
komunikavotės, komunikuotis
komunikuodavausi, komunikuotis
komunikuodavaisi, komunikuotis
komunikuodavosi, komunikuotis
komunikuodavomės, komunikuotis
komunikuodavotės, komunikuotis
komunikuosiusi, komunikuotis
komunikuosisi, komunikuotis
komunikuosis, komunikuotis
komunikuosimės, komunikuotis
komunikuositės, komunikuotis
komunikuočiausi, komunikuotis
komunikuotumeisi, komunikuotis
komunikuotųsi, komunikuotis
komunikuotu(mė)mės, komunikuotis
komunikuotu(mė)tės, komunikuotis
koncentruotis, koncentruotis
koncentruojuosi, koncentruotis
koncentruojiesi, koncentruotis
koncentruojasi, koncentruotis
koncentruojamės, koncentruotis
koncentruojatės, koncentruotis
koncentruoks, koncentruotis
koncentruokitės, koncentruotis
koncentruokimės, koncentruotis
koncentravausi, koncentruotis
koncentravaisi, koncentruotis
koncentravosi, koncentruotis
koncentravomės, koncentruotis
koncentravotės, koncentruotis
koncentruodavausi, koncentruotis
koncentruodavaisi, koncentruotis
koncentruodavosi, koncentruotis
koncentruodavomės, koncentruotis
koncentruodavotės, koncentruotis
koncentruosiusi, koncentruotis
koncentruosisi, koncentruotis
koncentruosis, koncentruotis
koncentruosimės, koncentruotis
koncentruositės, koncentruotis
koncentruočiausi, koncentruotis
koncentruotumeisi, koncentruotis
koncentruotųsi, koncentruotis
koncentruotu(mė)mės, koncentruotis
koncentruotu(mė)tės, koncentruotis
koncertuotis, koncertuotis
koncertuojuosi, koncertuotis
koncertuojiesi, koncertuotis
koncertuojasi, koncertuotis
koncertuojamės, koncertuotis
koncertuojatės, koncertuotis
koncertuoks, koncertuotis
koncertuokitės, koncertuotis
koncertuokimės, koncertuotis
koncertavausi, koncertuotis
koncertavaisi, koncertuotis
koncertavosi, koncertuotis
koncertavomės, koncertuotis
koncertavotės, koncertuotis
koncertuodavausi, koncertuotis
koncertuodavaisi, koncertuotis
koncertuodavosi, koncertuotis
koncertuodavomės, koncertuotis
koncertuodavotės, koncertuotis
koncertuosiusi, koncertuotis
koncertuosisi, koncertuotis
koncertuosis, koncertuotis
koncertuosimės, koncertuotis
koncertuositės, koncertuotis
koncertuočiausi, koncertuotis
koncertuotumeisi, koncertuotis
koncertuotųsi, koncertuotis
koncertuotu(mė)mės, koncertuotis
koncertuotu(mė)tės, koncertuotis
konfiskuotis, konfiskuotis
konfiskuojuosi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuojiesi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuojasi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuojamės, konfiskuotis
konfiskuojatės, konfiskuotis
konfiskuoks, konfiskuotis
konfiskuokitės, konfiskuotis
konfiskuokimės, konfiskuotis
konfiskavausi, konfiskuotis
konfiskavaisi, konfiskuotis
konfiskavosi, konfiskuotis
konfiskavomės, konfiskuotis
konfiskavotės, konfiskuotis
konfiskuodavausi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuodavaisi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuodavosi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuodavomės, konfiskuotis
konfiskuodavotės, konfiskuotis
konfiskuosiusi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuosisi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuosis, konfiskuotis
konfiskuosimės, konfiskuotis
konfiskuositės, konfiskuotis
konfiskuočiausi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuotumeisi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuotųsi, konfiskuotis
konfiskuotu(mė)mės, konfiskuotis
konfiskuotu(mė)tės, konfiskuotis
konkuruotis, konkuruotis
konkuruojuosi, konkuruotis
konkuruojiesi, konkuruotis
konkuruojasi, konkuruotis
konkuruojamės, konkuruotis
konkuruojatės, konkuruotis
konkuruoks, konkuruotis
konkuruokitės, konkuruotis
konkuruokimės, konkuruotis
konkuravausi, konkuruotis
konkuravaisi, konkuruotis
konkuravosi, konkuruotis
konkuravomės, konkuruotis
konkuravotės, konkuruotis
konkuruodavausi, konkuruotis
konkuruodavaisi, konkuruotis
konkuruodavosi, konkuruotis
konkuruodavomės, konkuruotis
konkuruodavotės, konkuruotis
konkuruosiusi, konkuruotis
konkuruosisi, konkuruotis
konkuruosis, konkuruotis
konkuruosimės, konkuruotis
konkuruositės, konkuruotis
konkuruočiausi, konkuruotis
konkuruotumeisi, konkuruotis
konkuruotųsi, konkuruotis
konkuruotu(mė)mės, konkuruotis
konkuruotu(mė)tės, konkuruotis
konstruotis, konstruotis
konstruojuosi, konstruotis
konstruojiesi, konstruotis
konstruojasi, konstruotis
konstruojamės, konstruotis
konstruojatės, konstruotis
konstruoks, konstruotis
konstruokitės, konstruotis
konstruokimės, konstruotis
konstravausi, konstruotis
konstravaisi, konstruotis
konstravosi, konstruotis
konstravomės, konstruotis
konstravotės, konstruotis
konstruodavausi, konstruotis
konstruodavaisi, konstruotis
konstruodavosi, konstruotis
konstruodavomės, konstruotis
konstruodavotės, konstruotis
konstruosiusi, konstruotis
konstruosisi, konstruotis
konstruosis, konstruotis
konstruosimės, konstruotis
konstruositės, konstruotis
konstruočiausi, konstruotis
konstruotumeisi, konstruotis
konstruotųsi, konstruotis
konstruotu(mė)mės, konstruotis
konstruotu(mė)tės, konstruotis
konsultuotis, konsultuotis
konsultuojuosi, konsultuotis
konsultuojiesi, konsultuotis
konsultuojasi, konsultuotis
konsultuojamės, konsultuotis
konsultuojatės, konsultuotis
konsultuoks, konsultuotis
konsultuokitės, konsultuotis
konsultuokimės, konsultuotis
konsultavausi, konsultuotis
konsultavaisi, konsultuotis
konsultavosi, konsultuotis
konsultavomės, konsultuotis
konsultavotės, konsultuotis
konsultuodavausi, konsultuotis
konsultuodavaisi, konsultuotis
konsultuodavosi, konsultuotis
konsultuodavomės, konsultuotis
konsultuodavotės, konsultuotis
konsultuosiusi, konsultuotis
konsultuosisi, konsultuotis
konsultuosis, konsultuotis
konsultuosimės, konsultuotis
konsultuositės, konsultuotis
konsultuočiausi, konsultuotis
konsultuotumeisi, konsultuotis
konsultuotųsi, konsultuotis
konsultuotu(mė)mės, konsultuotis
konsultuotu(mė)tės, konsultuotis
kontempliuotis, kontempliuotis
kontempliuojuosi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuojiesi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuojasi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuojamės, kontempliuotis
kontempliuojatės, kontempliuotis
kontempliuoks, kontempliuotis
kontempliuokitės, kontempliuotis
kontempliuokimės, kontempliuotis
kontempliavausi, kontempliuotis
kontempliavaisi, kontempliuotis
kontempliavosi, kontempliuotis
kontempliavomės, kontempliuotis
kontempliavotės, kontempliuotis
kontempliuodavausi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuodavaisi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuodavosi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuodavomės, kontempliuotis
kontempliuodavotės, kontempliuotis
kontempliuosiusi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuosisi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuosis, kontempliuotis
kontempliuosimės, kontempliuotis
kontempliuositės, kontempliuotis
kontempliuočiausi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuotumeisi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuotųsi, kontempliuotis
kontempliuotu(mė)mės, kontempliuotis
kontempliuotu(mė)tės, kontempliuotis
kontroliuotis, kontroliuotis
kontroliuojuosi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuojiesi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuojasi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuojamės, kontroliuotis
kontroliuojatės, kontroliuotis
kontroliuoks, kontroliuotis
kontroliuokitės, kontroliuotis
kontroliuokimės, kontroliuotis
kontroliavausi, kontroliuotis
kontroliavaisi, kontroliuotis
kontroliavosi, kontroliuotis
kontroliavomės, kontroliuotis
kontroliavotės, kontroliuotis
kontroliuodavausi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuodavaisi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuodavosi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuodavomės, kontroliuotis
kontroliuodavotės, kontroliuotis
kontroliuosiusi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuosisi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuosis, kontroliuotis
kontroliuosimės, kontroliuotis
kontroliuositės, kontroliuotis
kontroliuočiausi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuotumeisi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuotųsi, kontroliuotis
kontroliuotu(mė)mės, kontroliuotis
kontroliuotu(mė)tės, kontroliuotis
konvertuotis, konvertuotis
konvertuojuosi, konvertuotis
konvertuojiesi, konvertuotis
konvertuojasi, konvertuotis
konvertuojamės, konvertuotis
konvertuojatės, konvertuotis
konvertuoks, konvertuotis
konvertuokitės, konvertuotis
konvertuokimės, konvertuotis
konvertavausi, konvertuotis
konvertavaisi, konvertuotis
konvertavosi, konvertuotis
konvertavomės, konvertuotis
konvertavotės, konvertuotis
konvertuodavausi, konvertuotis
konvertuodavaisi, konvertuotis
konvertuodavosi, konvertuotis
konvertuodavomės, konvertuotis
konvertuodavotės, konvertuotis
konvertuosiusi, konvertuotis
konvertuosisi, konvertuotis
konvertuosis, konvertuotis
konvertuosimės, konvertuotis
konvertuositės, konvertuotis
konvertuočiausi, konvertuotis
konvertuotumeisi, konvertuotis
konvertuotųsi, konvertuotis
konvertuotu(mė)mės, konvertuotis
konvertuotu(mė)tės, konvertuotis
koordinuotis, koordinuotis
koordinuojuosi, koordinuotis
koordinuojiesi, koordinuotis
koordinuojasi, koordinuotis
koordinuojamės, koordinuotis
koordinuojatės, koordinuotis
koordinuoks, koordinuotis
koordinuokitės, koordinuotis
koordinuokimės, koordinuotis
koordinavausi, koordinuotis
koordinavaisi, koordinuotis
koordinavosi, koordinuotis
koordinavomės, koordinuotis
koordinavotės, koordinuotis
koordinuodavausi, koordinuotis
koordinuodavaisi, koordinuotis
koordinuodavosi, koordinuotis
koordinuodavomės, koordinuotis
koordinuodavotės, koordinuotis
koordinuosiusi, koordinuotis
koordinuosisi, koordinuotis
koordinuosis, koordinuotis
koordinuosimės, koordinuotis
koordinuositės, koordinuotis
koordinuočiausi, koordinuotis
koordinuotumeisi, koordinuotis
koordinuotųsi, koordinuotis
koordinuotu(mė)mės, koordinuotis
koordinuotu(mė)tės, koordinuotis
kopijuotis, kopijuotis
kopijuojuosi, kopijuotis
kopijuojiesi, kopijuotis
kopijuojasi, kopijuotis
kopijuojamės, kopijuotis
kopijuojatės, kopijuotis
kopijuoks, kopijuotis
kopijuokitės, kopijuotis
kopijuokimės, kopijuotis
kopijavausi, kopijuotis
kopijavaisi, kopijuotis
kopijavosi, kopijuotis
kopijavomės, kopijuotis
kopijavotės, kopijuotis
kopijuodavausi, kopijuotis
kopijuodavaisi, kopijuotis
kopijuodavosi, kopijuotis
kopijuodavomės, kopijuotis
kopijuodavotės, kopijuotis
kopijuosiusi, kopijuotis
kopijuosisi, kopijuotis
kopijuosis, kopijuotis
kopijuosimės, kopijuotis
kopijuositės, kopijuotis
kopijuočiausi, kopijuotis
kopijuotumeisi, kopijuotis
kopijuotųsi, kopijuotis
kopijuotu(mė)mės, kopijuotis
kopijuotu(mė)tės, kopijuotis
koptis, koptis
kopiuosi, koptis
kopiesi, koptis
kopiasi, koptis
kopiamės, koptis
kopiatės, koptis
kopks, koptis
kopkitės, koptis
kopkimės, koptis
kopiausi, koptis
kopeisi, koptis
kopėsi, koptis
kopėmės, koptis
kopėtės, koptis
kopdavausi, koptis
kopdavaisi, koptis
kopdavosi, koptis
kopdavomės, koptis
kopdavotės, koptis
kopsiusi, koptis
kopsisi, koptis
kopsis, koptis
kopsimės, koptis
kopsitės, koptis
kopčiausi, koptis
koptumeisi, koptis
koptųsi, koptis
koptu(mė)mės, koptis
koptu(mė)tės, koptis
koreguotis, koreguotis
koreguojuosi, koreguotis
koreguojiesi, koreguotis
koreguojasi, koreguotis
koreguojamės, koreguotis
koreguojatės, koreguotis
koreguoks, koreguotis
koreguokitės, koreguotis
koreguokimės, koreguotis
koregavausi, koreguotis
koregavaisi, koreguotis
koregavosi, koreguotis
koregavomės, koreguotis
koregavotės, koreguotis
koreguodavausi, koreguotis
koreguodavaisi, koreguotis
koreguodavosi, koreguotis
koreguodavomės, koreguotis
koreguodavotės, koreguotis
koreguosiusi, koreguotis
koreguosisi, koreguotis
koreguosis, koreguotis
koreguosimės, koreguotis
koreguositės, koreguotis
koreguočiausi, koreguotis
koreguotumeisi, koreguotis
koreguotųsi, koreguotis
koreguotu(mė)mės, koreguotis
koreguotu(mė)tės, koreguotis
korumpuotis, korumpuotis
korumpuojuosi, korumpuotis
korumpuojiesi, korumpuotis
korumpuojasi, korumpuotis
korumpuojamės, korumpuotis
korumpuojatės, korumpuotis
korumpuoks, korumpuotis
korumpuokitės, korumpuotis
korumpuokimės, korumpuotis
korumpavausi, korumpuotis
korumpavaisi, korumpuotis
korumpavosi, korumpuotis
korumpavomės, korumpuotis
korumpavotės, korumpuotis
korumpuodavausi, korumpuotis
korumpuodavaisi, korumpuotis
korumpuodavosi, korumpuotis
korumpuodavomės, korumpuotis
korumpuodavotės, korumpuotis
korumpuosiusi, korumpuotis
korumpuosisi, korumpuotis
korumpuosis, korumpuotis
korumpuosimės, korumpuotis
korumpuositės, korumpuotis
korumpuočiausi, korumpuotis
korumpuotumeisi, korumpuotis
korumpuotųsi, korumpuotis
korumpuotu(mė)mės, korumpuotis
korumpuotu(mė)tės, korumpuotis
kosėtis, kosėtis
kosėjuosi, kosėtis
kosėjiesi, kosėtis
kosėjasi, kosėtis
kosėjamės, kosėtis
kosėjatės, kosėtis
kosėks, kosėtis
kosėkitės, kosėtis
kosėkimės, kosėtis
kosėjausi, kosėtis
kosėjaisi, kosėtis
kosėjosi, kosėtis
kosėjomės, kosėtis
kosėjotės, kosėtis
kosėdavausi, kosėtis
kosėdavaisi, kosėtis
kosėdavosi, kosėtis
kosėdavomės, kosėtis
kosėdavotės, kosėtis
kosėsiusi, kosėtis
kosėsisi, kosėtis
kosėsis, kosėtis
kosėsimės, kosėtis
kosėsitės, kosėtis
kosėčiausi, kosėtis
kosėtumeisi, kosėtis
kosėtųsi, kosėtis
kosėtu(mė)mės, kosėtis
kosėtu(mė)tės, kosėtis
koštis, koštis
košiuosi, koštis
košiesi, koštis
košiasi, koštis
košiamės, koštis
košiatės, koštis
košks, koštis
koškitės, koštis
koškimės, koštis
košiausi, koštis
košeisi, koštis
košėsi, koštis
košėmės, koštis
košėtės, koštis
košdavausi, koštis
košdavaisi, koštis
košdavosi, koštis
košdavomės, koštis
košdavotės, koštis
koššiusi, koštis
koššisi, koštis
koššis, koštis
koššimės, koštis
koššitės, koštis
koščiausi, koštis
koštumeisi, koštis
koštųsi, koštis
koštu(mė)mės, koštis
koštu(mė)tės, koštis
kovotis, kovotis
kovojuosi, kovotis
kovojiesi, kovotis
kovojasi, kovotis
kovojamės, kovotis
kovojatės, kovotis
kovoks, kovotis
kovokitės, kovotis
kovokimės, kovotis
kovojausi, kovotis
kovojaisi, kovotis
kovojosi, kovotis
kovojomės, kovotis
kovojotės, kovotis
kovodavausi, kovotis
kovodavaisi, kovotis
kovodavosi, kovotis
kovodavomės, kovotis
kovodavotės, kovotis
kovosiusi, kovotis
kovosisi, kovotis
kovosis, kovotis
kovosimės, kovotis
kovositės, kovotis
kovočiausi, kovotis
kovotumeisi, kovotis
kovotųsi, kovotis
kovotu(mė)mės, kovotis
kovotu(mė)tės, kovotis
kraipytis, kraipytis
kraipausi, kraipytis
kraipaisi, kraipytis
kraiposi, kraipytis
kraipomės, kraipytis
kraipotės, kraipytis
kraipyks, kraipytis
kraipykitės, kraipytis
kraipykimės, kraipytis
kraipiausi, kraipytis
kraipeisi, kraipytis
kraipėsi, kraipytis
kraipėmės, kraipytis
kraipėtės, kraipytis
kraipydavausi, kraipytis
kraipydavaisi, kraipytis
kraipydavosi, kraipytis
kraipydavomės, kraipytis
kraipydavotės, kraipytis
kraipysiusi, kraipytis
kraipysisi, kraipytis
kraipysis, kraipytis
kraipysimės, kraipytis
kraipysitės, kraipytis
kraipyčiausi, kraipytis
kraipytumeisi, kraipytis
kraipytųsi, kraipytis
kraipytu(mė)mės, kraipytis
kraipytu(mė)tės, kraipytis
kramsnotis, kramsnotis
kramsnojuosi, kramsnotis
kramsnojiesi, kramsnotis
kramsnojasi, kramsnotis
kramsnojamės, kramsnotis
kramsnojatės, kramsnotis
kramsnoks, kramsnotis
kramsnokitės, kramsnotis
kramsnokimės, kramsnotis
kramsnojausi, kramsnotis
kramsnojaisi, kramsnotis
kramsnojosi, kramsnotis
kramsnojomės, kramsnotis
kramsnojotės, kramsnotis
kramsnodavausi, kramsnotis
kramsnodavaisi, kramsnotis
kramsnodavosi, kramsnotis
kramsnodavomės, kramsnotis
kramsnodavotės, kramsnotis
kramsnosiusi, kramsnotis
kramsnosisi, kramsnotis
kramsnosis, kramsnotis
kramsnosimės, kramsnotis
kramsnositės, kramsnotis
kramsnočiausi, kramsnotis
kramsnotumeisi, kramsnotis
kramsnotųsi, kramsnotis
kramsnotu(mė)mės, kramsnotis
kramsnotu(mė)tės, kramsnotis
kramtytis, kramtytis
kramtausi, kramtytis
kramtaisi, kramtytis
kramtosi, kramtytis
kramtomės, kramtytis
kramtotės, kramtytis
kramtyks, kramtytis
kramtykitės, kramtytis
kramtykimės, kramtytis
kramteisi, kramtytis
kramtėsi, kramtytis
kramtėmės, kramtytis
kramtėtės, kramtytis
kramtydavausi, kramtytis
kramtydavaisi, kramtytis
kramtydavosi, kramtytis
kramtydavomės, kramtytis
kramtydavotės, kramtytis
kramtysiusi, kramtytis
kramtysisi, kramtytis
kramtysis, kramtytis
kramtysimės, kramtytis
kramtysitės, kramtytis
kramtyčiausi, kramtytis
kramtytumeisi, kramtytis
kramtytųsi, kramtytis
kramtytu(mė)mės, kramtytis
kramtytu(mė)tės, kramtytis
kranksėtis, kranksėtis
kranksiusi, kranksėtis
kranksisi, kranksėtis
kranksisi, kranksėtis
kranksimės, kranksėtis
kranksitės, kranksėtis
kranksėks, kranksėtis
kranksėkitės, kranksėtis
kranksėkimės, kranksėtis
kranksėjausi, kranksėtis
kranksėjaisi, kranksėtis
kranksėjosi, kranksėtis
kranksėjomės, kranksėtis
kranksėjotės, kranksėtis
kranksėdavausi, kranksėtis
kranksėdavaisi, kranksėtis
kranksėdavosi, kranksėtis
kranksėdavomės, kranksėtis
kranksėdavotės, kranksėtis
kranksėsiusi, kranksėtis
kranksėsisi, kranksėtis
kranksėsis, kranksėtis
kranksėsimės, kranksėtis
kranksėsitės, kranksėtis
kranksėčiausi, kranksėtis
kranksėtumeisi, kranksėtis
kranksėtųsi, kranksėtis
kranksėtu(mė)mės, kranksėtis
kranksėtu(mė)tės, kranksėtis
krapštytis, krapštytis
krapštausi, krapštytis
krapštaisi, krapštytis
krapštosi, krapštytis
krapštomės, krapštytis
krapštotės, krapštytis
krapštyks, krapštytis
krapštykitės, krapštytis
krapštykimės, krapštytis
krapšteisi, krapštytis
krapštėsi, krapštytis
krapštėmės, krapštytis
krapštėtės, krapštytis
krapštydavausi, krapštytis
krapštydavaisi, krapštytis
krapštydavosi, krapštytis
krapštydavomės, krapštytis
krapštydavotės, krapštytis
krapštysiusi, krapštytis
krapštysisi, krapštytis
krapštysis, krapštytis
krapštysimės, krapštytis
krapštysitės, krapštytis
krapštyčiausi, krapštytis
krapštytumeisi, krapštytis
krapštytųsi, krapštytis
krapštytu(mė)mės, krapštytis
krapštytu(mė)tės, krapštytis
kratytis, kratytis
kratausi, kratytis
krataisi, kratytis
kratosi, kratytis
kratomės, kratytis
kratotės, kratytis
kratyks, kratytis
kratykitės, kratytis
kratykimės, kratytis
krateisi, kratytis
kratėsi, kratytis
kratėmės, kratytis
kratėtės, kratytis
kratydavausi, kratytis
kratydavaisi, kratytis
kratydavosi, kratytis
kratydavomės, kratytis
kratydavotės, kratytis
kratysiusi, kratytis
kratysisi, kratytis
kratysis, kratytis
kratysimės, kratytis
kratysitės, kratytis
kratyčiausi, kratytis
kratytumeisi, kratytis
kratytųsi, kratytis
kratytu(mė)mės, kratytis
kratytu(mė)tės, kratytis
kraujuotis, kraujuotis
kraujuojuosi, kraujuotis
kraujuojiesi, kraujuotis
kraujuojasi, kraujuotis
kraujuojamės, kraujuotis
kraujuojatės, kraujuotis
kraujuoks, kraujuotis
kraujuokitės, kraujuotis
kraujuokimės, kraujuotis
kraujavausi, kraujuotis
kraujavaisi, kraujuotis
kraujavosi, kraujuotis
kraujavomės, kraujuotis
kraujavotės, kraujuotis
kraujuodavausi, kraujuotis
kraujuodavaisi, kraujuotis
kraujuodavosi, kraujuotis
kraujuodavomės, kraujuotis
kraujuodavotės, kraujuotis
kraujuosiusi, kraujuotis
kraujuosisi, kraujuotis
kraujuosis, kraujuotis
kraujuosimės, kraujuotis
kraujuositės, kraujuotis
kraujuočiausi, kraujuotis
kraujuotumeisi, kraujuotis
kraujuotųsi, kraujuotis
kraujuotu(mė)mės, kraujuotis
kraujuotu(mė)tės, kraujuotis
kraustytis, kraustytis
kraustausi, kraustytis
kraustaisi, kraustytis
kraustosi, kraustytis
kraustomės, kraustytis
kraustotės, kraustytis
kraustyks, kraustytis
kraustykitės, kraustytis
kraustykimės, kraustytis
krausteisi, kraustytis
kraustėsi, kraustytis
kraustėmės, kraustytis
kraustėtės, kraustytis
kraustydavausi, kraustytis
kraustydavaisi, kraustytis
kraustydavosi, kraustytis
kraustydavomės, kraustytis
kraustydavotės, kraustytis
kraustysiusi, kraustytis
kraustysisi, kraustytis
kraustysis, kraustytis
kraustysimės, kraustytis
kraustysitės, kraustytis
kraustyčiausi, kraustytis
kraustytumeisi, kraustytis
kraustytųsi, kraustytis
kraustytu(mė)mės, kraustytis
kraustytu(mė)tės, kraustytis
krautis, krautis
kraunuosi, krautis
krauniesi, krautis
kraunasi, krautis
kraunamės, krautis
kraunatės, krautis
krauks, krautis
kraukitės, krautis
kraukimės, krautis
kroviausi, krautis
kroveisi, krautis
krovėsi, krautis
krovėmės, krautis
krovėtės, krautis
kraudavausi, krautis
kraudavaisi, krautis
kraudavosi, krautis
kraudavomės, krautis
kraudavotės, krautis
krausiusi, krautis
krausisi, krautis
krausis, krautis
krausimės, krautis
krausitės, krautis
kraučiausi, krautis
krautumeisi, krautis
krautųsi, krautis
krautu(mė)mės, krautis
krautu(mė)tės, krautis
kreiptis, kreiptis
kreipiuosi, kreiptis
kreipiesi, kreiptis
kreipiasi, kreiptis
kreipiamės, kreiptis
kreipiatės, kreiptis
kreipks, kreiptis
kreipkitės, kreiptis
kreipkimės, kreiptis
kreipiausi, kreiptis
kreipeisi, kreiptis
kreipėsi, kreiptis
kreipėmės, kreiptis
kreipėtės, kreiptis
kreipdavausi, kreiptis
kreipdavaisi, kreiptis
kreipdavosi, kreiptis
kreipdavomės, kreiptis
kreipdavotės, kreiptis
kreipsiusi, kreiptis
kreipsisi, kreiptis
kreipsis, kreiptis
kreipsimės, kreiptis
kreipsitės, kreiptis
kreipčiausi, kreiptis
kreiptumeisi, kreiptis
kreiptųsi, kreiptis
kreiptu(mė)mės, kreiptis
kreiptu(mė)tės, kreiptis
krėstis, krėstis
kreipiasiusi, krėstis
kreipiasisi, krėstis
kreipiasisi, krėstis
kreipiasimės, krėstis
kreipiasitės, krėstis
krėsks, krėstis
krėskitės, krėstis
krėskimės, krėstis
krėsdavausi, krėstis
krėsdavaisi, krėstis
krėsdavosi, krėstis
krėsdavomės, krėstis
krėsdavotės, krėstis
krėsiusi, krėstis
krėsisi, krėstis
krėsis, krėstis
krėsimės, krėstis
krėsitės, krėstis
krėsčiausi, krėstis
krėstumeisi, krėstis
krėstųsi, krėstis
krėstu(mė)mės, krėstis
krėstu(mė)tės, krėstis
kreštis, kreštis
kręštuosi, kreštis
kręštiesi, kreštis
kręštasi, kreštis
kręštamės, kreštis
kręštatės, kreštis
krešks, kreštis
kreškitės, kreštis
kreškimės, kreštis
krešausi, kreštis
krešaisi, kreštis
krešosi, kreštis
krešomės, kreštis
krešotės, kreštis
krešdavausi, kreštis
krešdavaisi, kreštis
krešdavosi, kreštis
krešdavomės, kreštis
krešdavotės, kreštis
kreššiusi, kreštis
kreššisi, kreštis
kreššis, kreštis
kreššimės, kreštis
kreššitės, kreštis
kreščiausi, kreštis
kreštumeisi, kreštis
kreštųsi, kreštis
kreštu(mė)mės, kreštis
kreštu(mė)tės, kreštis
krietis, krietis
kriejuosi, krietis
kriejiesi, krietis
kriejasi, krietis
kriejamės, krietis
kriejatės, krietis
krieks, krietis
kriekitės, krietis
kriekimės, krietis
kriejausi, krietis
kriejaisi, krietis
kriejosi, krietis
kriejomės, krietis
kriejotės, krietis
kriedavausi, krietis
kriedavaisi, krietis
kriedavosi, krietis
kriedavomės, krietis
kriedavotės, krietis
kriesiusi, krietis
kriesisi, krietis
kriesis, krietis
kriesimės, krietis
kriesitės, krietis
kriečiausi, krietis
krietumeisi, krietis
krietųsi, krietis
krietu(mė)mės, krietis
krietu(mė)tės, krietis
krikdytis, krikdytis
krikdžausi, krikdytis
krikdaisi, krikdytis
krikdosi, krikdytis
krikdomės, krikdytis
krikdotės, krikdytis
krikdyks, krikdytis
krikdykitės, krikdytis
krikdykimės, krikdytis
krikdeisi, krikdytis
krikdėsi, krikdytis
krikdėmės, krikdytis
krikdėtės, krikdytis
krikdydavausi, krikdytis
krikdydavaisi, krikdytis
krikdydavosi, krikdytis
krikdydavomės, krikdytis
krikdydavotės, krikdytis
krikdysiusi, krikdytis
krikdysisi, krikdytis
krikdysis, krikdytis
krikdysimės, krikdytis
krikdysitės, krikdytis
krikdyčiausi, krikdytis
krikdytumeisi, krikdytis
krikdytųsi, krikdytis
krikdytu(mė)mės, krikdytis
krikdytu(mė)tės, krikdytis
krikštytis, krikštytis
krikštijuosi, krikštytis
krikštijiesi, krikštytis
krikštijasi, krikštytis
krikštijamės, krikštytis
krikštijatės, krikštytis
krikštyks, krikštytis
krikštykitės, krikštytis
krikštykimės, krikštytis
krikštijausi, krikštytis
krikštijaisi, krikštytis
krikštijosi, krikštytis
krikštijomės, krikštytis
krikštijotės, krikštytis
krikštydavausi, krikštytis
krikštydavaisi, krikštytis
krikštydavosi, krikštytis
krikštydavomės, krikštytis
krikštydavotės, krikštytis
krikštysiusi, krikštytis
krikštysisi, krikštytis
krikštisis, krikštytis
krikštysimės, krikštytis
krikštysitės, krikštytis
krikštyčiausi, krikštytis
krikštytumeisi, krikštytis
krikštytųsi, krikštytis
krikštytu(mė)mės, krikštytis
krikštytu(mė)tės, krikštytis
kriktis, kriktis
krinkuosi, kriktis
krinkiesi, kriktis
krinkasi, kriktis
krinkamės, kriktis
krinkatės, kriktis
kriks, kriktis
krikitės, kriktis
krikimės, kriktis
krikausi, kriktis
krikaisi, kriktis
krikosi, kriktis
krikomės, kriktis
krikotės, kriktis
krikdavausi, kriktis
krikdavaisi, kriktis
krikdavosi, kriktis
krikdavomės, kriktis
krikdavotės, kriktis
kriksiusi, kriktis
kriksisi, kriktis
kriksis, kriktis
kriksimės, kriktis
kriksitės, kriktis
krikčiausi, kriktis
kriktumeisi, kriktis
kriktųsi, kriktis
kriktu(mė)mės, kriktis
kriktu(mė)tės, kriktis
krimstis, krimstis
krimstuosi, krimstis
krimstiesi, krimstis
krimstasi, krimstis
krimstamės, krimstis
krimstatės, krimstis
krimsks, krimstis
krimskitės, krimstis
krimskimės, krimstis
krimtausi, krimstis
krimtaisi, krimstis
krimtosi, krimstis
krimtomės, krimstis
krimtotės, krimstis
krimsdavausi, krimstis
krimsdavaisi, krimstis
krimsdavosi, krimstis
krimsdavomės, krimstis
krimsdavotės, krimstis
krimsiusi, krimstis
krimsisi, krimstis
krimsis, krimstis
krimsimės, krimstis
krimsitės, krimstis
krimsčiausi, krimstis
krimstumeisi, krimstis
krimstųsi, krimstis
krimstu(mė)mės, krimstis
krimstu(mė)tės, krimstis
kristis, kristis
krentuosi, kristis
krentiesi, kristis
krentasi, kristis
krentamės, kristis
krentatės, kristis
krisks, kristis
kriskitės, kristis
kriskimės, kristis
kritausi, kristis
kritaisi, kristis
kritosi, kristis
kritomės, kristis
kritotės, kristis
krisdavausi, kristis
krisdavaisi, kristis
krisdavosi, kristis
krisdavomės, kristis
krisdavotės, kristis
krisiusi, kristis
krisisi, kristis
krisis, kristis
krisimės, kristis
krisitės, kristis
krisčiausi, kristis
kristumeisi, kristis
kristųsi, kristis
kristu(mė)mės, kristis
kristu(mė)tės, kristis
kritikuotis, kritikuotis
kritikuojuosi, kritikuotis
kritikuojiesi, kritikuotis
kritikuojasi, kritikuotis
kritikuojamės, kritikuotis
kritikuojatės, kritikuotis
kritikuoks, kritikuotis
kritikuokitės, kritikuotis
kritikuokimės, kritikuotis
kritikavausi, kritikuotis
kritikavaisi, kritikuotis
kritikavosi, kritikuotis
kritikavomės, kritikuotis
kritikavotės, kritikuotis
kritikuodavausi, kritikuotis
kritikuodavaisi, kritikuotis
kritikuodavosi, kritikuotis
kritikuodavomės, kritikuotis
kritikuodavotės, kritikuotis
kritikuosiusi, kritikuotis
kritikuosisi, kritikuotis
kritikuosis, kritikuotis
kritikuosimės, kritikuotis
kritikuositės, kritikuotis
kritikuočiausi, kritikuotis
kritikuotumeisi, kritikuotis
kritikuotųsi, kritikuotis
kritikuotu(mė)mės, kritikuotis
kritikuotu(mė)tės, kritikuotis
krūptelėtis, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjuosi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjiesi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjasi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjamės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjatės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėks, krūptelėtis
krūptelėkitės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėkimės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjausi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjaisi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjosi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjomės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėjotės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėdavausi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėdavaisi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėdavosi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėdavomės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėdavotės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėsiusi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėsisi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėsis, krūptelėtis
krūptelėsimės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėsitės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėčiausi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėtumeisi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėtųsi, krūptelėtis
krūptelėtu(mė)mės, krūptelėtis
krūptelėtu(mė)tės, krūptelėtis
krustelėtis, krustelėtis
krusteliusi, krustelėtis
krustelisi, krustelėtis
krustelisi, krustelėtis
krustelimės, krustelėtis
krustelitės, krustelėtis
krustelėks, krustelėtis
krustelėkitės, krustelėtis
krustelėkimės, krustelėtis
krustelėjausi, krustelėtis
krustelėjaisi, krustelėtis
krustelėjosi, krustelėtis
krustelėjomės, krustelėtis
krustelėjotės, krustelėtis
krustelėdavausi, krustelėtis
krustelėdavaisi, krustelėtis
krustelėdavosi, krustelėtis
krustelėdavomės, krustelėtis
krustelėdavotės, krustelėtis
krustelėsiusi, krustelėtis
krustelėsisi, krustelėtis
krustelėsis, krustelėtis
krustelėsimės, krustelėtis
krustelėsitės, krustelėtis
krustelėčiausi, krustelėtis
krustelėtumeisi, krustelėtis
krustelėtųsi, krustelėtis
krustelėtu(mė)mės, krustelėtis
krustelėtu(mė)tės, krustelėtis
kruštis, kruštis
krušuosi, kruštis
krušiesi, kruštis
krušasi, kruštis
krušamės, kruštis
krušatės, kruštis
krušks, kruštis
kruškitės, kruštis
kruškimės, kruštis
krušausi, kruštis
krušaisi, kruštis
krušosi, kruštis
krušomės, kruštis
krušotės, kruštis
krušdavausi, kruštis
krušdavaisi, kruštis
krušdavosi, kruštis
krušdavomės, kruštis
krušdavotės, kruštis
kruššiusi, kruštis
kruššisi, kruštis
kruššis, kruštis
kruššimės, kruštis
kruššitės, kruštis
kruščiausi, kruštis
kruštumeisi, kruštis
kruštųsi, kruštis
kruštu(mė)mės, kruštis
kruštu(mė)tės, kruštis
krutėtis, krutėtis
krutuosi, krutėtis
krutiesi, krutėtis
krutasi, krutėtis
krutamės, krutėtis
krutatės, krutėtis
krutėks, krutėtis
krutėkitės, krutėtis
krutėkimės, krutėtis
krutėjausi, krutėtis
krutėjaisi, krutėtis
krutėjosi, krutėtis
krutėjomės, krutėtis
krutėjotės, krutėtis
krutėdavausi, krutėtis
krutėdavaisi, krutėtis
krutėdavosi, krutėtis
krutėdavomės, krutėtis
krutėdavotės, krutėtis
krutėsiusi, krutėtis
krutėsisi, krutėtis
krutėsis, krutėtis
krutėsimės, krutėtis
krutėsitės, krutėtis
krutėčiausi, krutėtis
krutėtumeisi, krutėtis
krutėtųsi, krutėtis
krutėtu(mė)mės, krutėtis
krutėtu(mė)tės, krutėtis
krutintis, krutintis
krutinuosi, krutintis
krutiniesi, krutintis
krutinasi, krutintis
krutinamės, krutintis
krutinatės, krutintis
krutinks, krutintis
krutinkitės, krutintis
krutinkimės, krutintis
krutinausi, krutintis
krutinaisi, krutintis
krutinosi, krutintis
krutinomės, krutintis
krutinotės, krutintis
krutindavausi, krutintis
krutindavaisi, krutintis
krutindavosi, krutintis
krutindavomės, krutintis
krutindavotės, krutintis
krutinsiusi, krutintis
krutinsisi, krutintis
krutinsis, krutintis
krutinsimės, krutintis
krutinsitės, krutintis
krutinčiausi, krutintis
krutintumeisi, krutintis
krutintųsi, krutintis
krutintu(mė)mės, krutintis
krutintu(mė)tės, krutintis
krykštautis, krykštautis
krykštaujuosi, krykštautis
krykštaujiesi, krykštautis
krykštaujasi, krykštautis
krykštaujamės, krykštautis
krykštaujatės, krykštautis
krykštauks, krykštautis
krykštaukitės, krykštautis
krykštaukimės, krykštautis
krykštavausi, krykštautis
krykštavaisi, krykštautis
krykštavosi, krykštautis
krykštavomės, krykštautis
krykštavotės, krykštautis
krykštaudavausi, krykštautis
krykštaudavaisi, krykštautis
krykštaudavosi, krykštautis
krykštaudavomės, krykštautis
krykštaudavotės, krykštautis
krykštausiusi, krykštautis
krykštausisi, krykštautis
krykštausis, krykštautis
krykštausimės, krykštautis
krykštausitės, krykštautis
krykštaučiausi, krykštautis
krykštautumeisi, krykštautis
krykštautųsi, krykštautis
krykštautu(mė)mės, krykštautis
krykštautu(mė)tės, krykštautis
kryptis, kryptis
krypstuosi, kryptis
krypstiesi, kryptis
krypstasi, kryptis
krypstamės, kryptis
krypstatės, kryptis
krypks, kryptis
krypkitės, kryptis
krypkimės, kryptis
krypausi, kryptis
krypaisi, kryptis
kryposi, kryptis
krypomės, kryptis
krypotės, kryptis
krypdavausi, kryptis
krypdavaisi, kryptis
krypdavosi, kryptis
krypdavomės, kryptis
krypdavotės, kryptis
krypsiusi, kryptis
krypsisi, kryptis
krypsis, kryptis
krypsimės, kryptis
krypsitės, kryptis
krypčiausi, kryptis
kryptumeisi, kryptis
kryptųsi, kryptis
kryptu(mė)mės, kryptis
kryptu(mė)tės, kryptis
krypuotis, krypuotis
krypuojuosi, krypuotis
krypuojiesi, krypuotis
krypuojasi, krypuotis
krypuojamės, krypuotis
krypuojatės, krypuotis
krypuoks, krypuotis
krypuokitės, krypuotis
krypuokimės, krypuotis
krypavausi, krypuotis
krypavaisi, krypuotis
krypavosi, krypuotis
krypavomės, krypuotis
krypavotės, krypuotis
krypuodavausi, krypuotis
krypuodavaisi, krypuotis
krypuodavosi, krypuotis
krypuodavomės, krypuotis
krypuodavotės, krypuotis
krypuosiusi, krypuotis
krypuosisi, krypuotis
krypuosis, krypuotis
krypuosimės, krypuotis
krypuositės, krypuotis
krypuočiausi, krypuotis
krypuotumeisi, krypuotis
krypuotųsi, krypuotis
krypuotu(mė)mės, krypuotis
krypuotu(mė)tės, krypuotis
kryžiuotis, kryžiuotis
kryžiuojuosi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuojiesi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuojasi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuojamės, kryžiuotis
kryžiuojatės, kryžiuotis
kryžiuoks, kryžiuotis
kryžiuokitės, kryžiuotis
kryžiuokimės, kryžiuotis
kryžiavausi, kryžiuotis
kryžiavaisi, kryžiuotis
kryžiavosi, kryžiuotis
kryžiavomės, kryžiuotis
kryžiavotės, kryžiuotis
kryžiuodavausi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuodavaisi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuodavosi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuodavomės, kryžiuotis
kryžiuodavotės, kryžiuotis
kryžiuosiusi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuosisi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuosis, kryžiuotis
kryžiuosimės, kryžiuotis
kryžiuositės, kryžiuotis
kryžiuočiausi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuotumeisi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuotųsi, kryžiuotis
kryžiuotu(mė)mės, kryžiuotis
kryžiuotu(mė)tės, kryžiuotis
kuistis, kuistis
kuičiuosi, kuistis
kuičiesi, kuistis
kuičiasi, kuistis
kuičiamės, kuistis
kuičiatės, kuistis
kuisks, kuistis
kuiskitės, kuistis
kuiskimės, kuistis
kuiteisi, kuistis
kuitėsi, kuistis
kuitėmės, kuistis
kuitėtės, kuistis
kuisdavausi, kuistis
kuisdavaisi, kuistis
kuisdavosi, kuistis
kuisdavomės, kuistis
kuisdavotės, kuistis
kuisiusi, kuistis
kuisisi, kuistis
kuisis, kuistis
kuisimės, kuistis
kuisitės, kuistis
kuisčiausi, kuistis
kuistumeisi, kuistis
kuistųsi, kuistis
kuistu(mė)mės, kuistis
kuistu(mė)tės, kuistis
kultis, kultis
kuliuosi, kultis
kuliesi, kultis
kuliasi, kultis
kuliamės, kultis
kuliatės, kultis
kulks, kultis
kulkitės, kultis
kulkimės, kultis
kūliausi, kultis
kūleisi, kultis
kūlėsi, kultis
kūlėmės, kultis
kūlėtės, kultis
kuldavausi, kultis
kuldavaisi, kultis
kuldavosi, kultis
kuldavomės, kultis
kuldavotės, kultis
kulsiusi, kultis
kulsisi, kultis
kulsis, kultis
kulsimės, kultis
kulsitės, kultis
kulčiausi, kultis
kultumeisi, kultis
kultųsi, kultis
kultu(mė)mės, kultis
kultu(mė)tės, kultis
kuoptis, kuoptis
kuopiuosi, kuoptis
kuopiesi, kuoptis
kuopiasi, kuoptis
kuopiamės, kuoptis
kuopiatės, kuoptis
kuopks, kuoptis
kuopkitės, kuoptis
kuopkimės, kuoptis
kuopiausi, kuoptis
kuopeisi, kuoptis
kuopėsi, kuoptis
kuopėmės, kuoptis
kuopėtės, kuoptis
kuopdavausi, kuoptis
kuopdavaisi, kuoptis
kuopdavosi, kuoptis
kuopdavomės, kuoptis
kuopdavotės, kuoptis
kuopsiusi, kuoptis
kuopsisi, kuoptis
kuopsis, kuoptis
kuopsimės, kuoptis
kuopsitės, kuoptis
kuopčiausi, kuoptis
kuoptumeisi, kuoptis
kuoptųsi, kuoptis
kuoptu(mė)mės, kuoptis
kuoptu(mė)tės, kuoptis
kūrentis, kūrentis
kūrenuosi, kūrentis
kūreniesi, kūrentis
kūrenasi, kūrentis
kūrenamės, kūrentis
kūrenatės, kūrentis
kūrenks, kūrentis
kūrenkitės, kūrentis
kūrenkimės, kūrentis
kūrenausi, kūrentis
kūrenaisi, kūrentis
kūrenosi, kūrentis
kūrenomės, kūrentis
kūrenotės, kūrentis
kūrendavausi, kūrentis
kūrendavaisi, kūrentis
kūrendavosi, kūrentis
kūrendavomės, kūrentis
kūrendavotės, kūrentis
kūrensiusi, kūrentis
kūrensisi, kūrentis
kūrensis, kūrentis
kūrensimės, kūrentis
kūrensitės, kūrentis
kūrenčiausi, kūrentis
kūrentumeisi, kūrentis
kūrentųsi, kūrentis
kūrentu(mė)mės, kūrentis
kūrentu(mė)tės, kūrentis
kursuotis, kursuotis
kursuojuosi, kursuotis
kursuojiesi, kursuotis
kursuojasi, kursuotis
kursuojamės, kursuotis
kursuojatės, kursuotis
kursuoks, kursuotis
kursuokitės, kursuotis
kursuokimės, kursuotis
kursavausi, kursuotis
kursavaisi, kursuotis
kursavosi, kursuotis
kursavomės, kursuotis
kursavotės, kursuotis
kursuodavausi, kursuotis
kursuodavaisi, kursuotis
kursuodavosi, kursuotis
kursuodavomės, kursuotis
kursuodavotės, kursuotis
kursuosiusi, kursuotis
kursuosisi, kursuotis
kursuosis, kursuotis
kursuosimės, kursuotis
kursuositės, kursuotis
kursuočiausi, kursuotis
kursuotumeisi, kursuotis
kursuotųsi, kursuotis
kursuotu(mė)mės, kursuotis
kursuotu(mė)tės, kursuotis
kurtis, kurtis
kuriuosi, kurtis
kuriesi, kurtis
kuriasi, kurtis
kuriamės, kurtis
kuriatės, kurtis
kurks, kurtis
kurkitės, kurtis
kurkimės, kurtis
kūriausi, kurtis
kūreisi, kurtis
kūrėsi, kurtis
kūrėmės, kurtis
kūrėtės, kurtis
kurdavausi, kurtis
kurdavaisi, kurtis
kurdavosi, kurtis
kurdavomės, kurtis
kurdavotės, kurtis
kursiusi, kurtis
kursisi, kurtis
kursis, kurtis
kursimės, kurtis
kursitės, kurtis
kurčiausi, kurtis
kurtumeisi, kurtis
kurtųsi, kurtis
kurtu(mė)mės, kurtis
kurtu(mė)tės, kurtis
kuštėtis, kuštėtis
kuštuosi, kuštėtis
kuštiesi, kuštėtis
kuštasi, kuštėtis
kuštamės, kuštėtis
kuštatės, kuštėtis
kuštėks, kuštėtis
kuštėkitės, kuštėtis
kuštėkimės, kuštėtis
kuštėjausi, kuštėtis
kuštėjaisi, kuštėtis
kuštėjosi, kuštėtis
kuštėjomės, kuštėtis
kuštėjotės, kuštėtis
kuštėdavausi, kuštėtis
kuštėdavaisi, kuštėtis
kuštėdavosi, kuštėtis
kuštėdavomės, kuštėtis
kuštėdavotės, kuštėtis
kuštėsiusi, kuštėtis
kuštėsisi, kuštėtis
kuštėsis, kuštėtis
kuštėsimės, kuštėtis
kuštėsitės, kuštėtis
kuštėčiausi, kuštėtis
kuštėtumeisi, kuštėtis
kuštėtųsi, kuštėtis
kuštėtu(mė)mės, kuštėtis
kuštėtu(mė)tės, kuštėtis
kutentis, kutentis
kutenuosi, kutentis
kuteniesi, kutentis
kutenasi, kutentis
kutenamės, kutentis
kutenatės, kutentis
kutenks, kutentis
kutenkitės, kutentis
kutenkimės, kutentis
kutenausi, kutentis
kutenaisi, kutentis
kutenosi, kutentis
kutenomės, kutentis
kutenotės, kutentis
kutendavausi, kutentis
kutendavaisi, kutentis
kutendavosi, kutentis
kutendavomės, kutentis
kutendavotės, kutentis
kutensiusi, kutentis
kutensisi, kutentis
kutensis, kutentis
kutensimės, kutentis
kutensitės, kutentis
kutenčiausi, kutentis
kutentumeisi, kutentis
kutentųsi, kutentis
kutentu(mė)mės, kutentis
kutentu(mė)tės, kutentis
kvailintis, kvailintis
kvailinuosi, kvailintis
kvailiniesi, kvailintis
kvailinasi, kvailintis
kvailinamės, kvailintis
kvailinatės, kvailintis
kvailinks, kvailintis
kvailinkitės, kvailintis
kvailinkimės, kvailintis
kvailinausi, kvailintis
kvailinaisi, kvailintis
kvailinosi, kvailintis
kvailinomės, kvailintis
kvailinotės, kvailintis
kvailindavausi, kvailintis
kvailindavaisi, kvailintis
kvailindavosi, kvailintis
kvailindavomės, kvailintis
kvailindavotės, kvailintis
kvailinsiusi, kvailintis
kvailinsisi, kvailintis
kvailinsis, kvailintis
kvailinsimės, kvailintis
kvailinsitės, kvailintis
kvailinčiausi, kvailintis
kvailintumeisi, kvailintis
kvailintųsi, kvailintis
kvailintu(mė)mės, kvailintis
kvailintu(mė)tės, kvailintis
kvailiotis, kvailiotis
kvailiojuosi, kvailiotis
kvailiojiesi, kvailiotis
kvailiojasi, kvailiotis
kvailiojamės, kvailiotis
kvailiojatės, kvailiotis
kvailioks, kvailiotis
kvailiokitės, kvailiotis
kvailiokimės, kvailiotis
kvailiojausi, kvailiotis
kvailiojaisi, kvailiotis
kvailiojosi, kvailiotis
kvailiojomės, kvailiotis
kvailiojotės, kvailiotis
kvailiodavausi, kvailiotis
kvailiodavaisi, kvailiotis
kvailiodavosi, kvailiotis
kvailiodavomės, kvailiotis
kvailiodavotės, kvailiotis
kvailiosiusi, kvailiotis
kvailiosisi, kvailiotis
kvailiosis, kvailiotis
kvailiosimės, kvailiotis
kvailiositės, kvailiotis
kvailiočiausi, kvailiotis
kvailiotumeisi, kvailiotis
kvailiotųsi, kvailiotis
kvailiotu(mė)mės, kvailiotis
kvailiotu(mė)tės, kvailiotis
kvalifikuotis, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuojuosi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuojiesi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuojasi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuojamės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuojatės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuoks, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuokitės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuokimės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikavausi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikavaisi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikavosi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikavomės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikavotės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuodavausi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuodavaisi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuodavosi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuodavomės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuodavotės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuosiusi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuosisi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuosis, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuosimės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuositės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuočiausi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuotumeisi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuotųsi, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuotu(mė)mės, kvalifikuotis
kvalifikuotu(mė)tės, kvalifikuotis
kvatotis, kvatotis
kvatojuosi, kvatotis
kvatojiesi, kvatotis
kvatojasi, kvatotis
kvatojamės, kvatotis
kvatojatės, kvatotis
kvatoks, kvatotis
kvatokitės, kvatotis
kvatokimės, kvatotis
kvatojausi, kvatotis
kvatojaisi, kvatotis
kvatojosi, kvatotis
kvatojomės, kvatotis
kvatojotės, kvatotis
kvatodavausi, kvatotis
kvatodavaisi, kvatotis
kvatodavosi, kvatotis
kvatodavomės, kvatotis
kvatodavotės, kvatotis
kvatosiusi, kvatotis
kvatosisi, kvatotis
kvatosis, kvatotis
kvatosimės, kvatotis
kvatositės, kvatotis
kvatočiausi, kvatotis
kvatotumeisi, kvatotis
kvatotųsi, kvatotis
kvatotu(mė)mės, kvatotis
kvatotu(mė)tės, kvatotis
kvepėtis, kvepėtis
kvepiuosi, kvepėtis
kvepiesi, kvepėtis
kvepiasi, kvepėtis
kvepiamės, kvepėtis
kvepiatės, kvepėtis
kvepėks, kvepėtis
kvepėkitės, kvepėtis
kvepėkimės, kvepėtis
kvepėjausi, kvepėtis
kvepėjaisi, kvepėtis
kvepėjosi, kvepėtis
kvepėjomės, kvepėtis
kvepėjotės, kvepėtis
kvepėdavausi, kvepėtis
kvepėdavaisi, kvepėtis
kvepėdavosi, kvepėtis
kvepėdavomės, kvepėtis
kvepėdavotės, kvepėtis
kvepėsiusi, kvepėtis
kvepėsisi, kvepėtis
kvepėsis, kvepėtis
kvepėsimės, kvepėtis
kvepėsitės, kvepėtis
kvepėčiausi, kvepėtis
kvepėtumeisi, kvepėtis
kvepėtųsi, kvepėtis
kvepėtu(mė)mės, kvepėtis
kvepėtu(mė)tės, kvepėtis
kvėpintis, kvėpintis
kvėpinuosi, kvėpintis
kvėpiniesi, kvėpintis
kvėpinasi, kvėpintis
kvėpinamės, kvėpintis
kvėpinatės, kvėpintis
kvėpinks, kvėpintis
kvėpinkitės, kvėpintis
kvėpinkimės, kvėpintis
kvėpinausi, kvėpintis
kvėpinaisi, kvėpintis
kvėpinosi, kvėpintis
kvėpinomės, kvėpintis
kvėpinotės, kvėpintis
kvėpindavausi, kvėpintis
kvėpindavaisi, kvėpintis
kvėpindavosi, kvėpintis
kvėpindavomės, kvėpintis
kvėpindavotės, kvėpintis
kvėpinsiusi, kvėpintis
kvėpinsisi, kvėpintis
kvėpinsis, kvėpintis
kvėpinsimės, kvėpintis
kvėpinsitės, kvėpintis
kvėpinčiausi, kvėpintis
kvėpintumeisi, kvėpintis
kvėpintųsi, kvėpintis
kvėpintu(mė)mės, kvėpintis
kvėpintu(mė)tės, kvėpintis
kvėpuotis, kvėpuotis
kvėpuojuosi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuojiesi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuojasi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuojamės, kvėpuotis
kvėpuojatės, kvėpuotis
kvėpuoks, kvėpuotis
kvėpuokitės, kvėpuotis
kvėpuokimės, kvėpuotis
kvėpavausi, kvėpuotis
kvėpavaisi, kvėpuotis
kvėpavosi, kvėpuotis
kvėpavomės, kvėpuotis
kvėpavotės, kvėpuotis
kvėpuodavausi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuodavaisi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuodavosi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuodavomės, kvėpuotis
kvėpuodavotės, kvėpuotis
kvėpuosiusi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuosisi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuosis, kvėpuotis
kvėpuosimės, kvėpuotis
kvėpuositės, kvėpuotis
kvėpuočiausi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuotumeisi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuotųsi, kvėpuotis
kvėpuotu(mė)mės, kvėpuotis
kvėpuotu(mė)tės, kvėpuotis
kviestis, kviestis
kviečiuosi, kviestis
kviečiesi, kviestis
kviečiasi, kviestis
kviečiamės, kviestis
kviečiatės, kviestis
kviesks, kviestis
kvieskitės, kviestis
kvieskimės, kviestis
kvieteisi, kviestis
kvietėsi, kviestis
kvietėmės, kviestis
kvietėtės, kviestis
kviesdavausi, kviestis
kviesdavaisi, kviestis
kviesdavosi, kviestis
kviesdavomės, kviestis
kviesdavotės, kviestis
kviesiusi, kviestis
kviesisi, kviestis
kviesis, kviestis
kviesimės, kviestis
kviesitės, kviestis
kviesčiausi, kviestis
kviestumeisi, kviestis
kviestųsi, kviestis
kviestu(mė)mės, kviestis
kviestu(mė)tės, kviestis
kylėtis, kylėtis
kyliusi, kylėtis
kylisi, kylėtis
kylisi, kylėtis
kylimės, kylėtis
kylitės, kylėtis
kylėks, kylėtis
kylėkitės, kylėtis
kylėkimės, kylėtis
kylėjausi, kylėtis
kylėjaisi, kylėtis
kylėjosi, kylėtis
kylėjomės, kylėtis
kylėjotės, kylėtis
kylėdavausi, kylėtis
kylėdavaisi, kylėtis
kylėdavosi, kylėtis
kylėdavomės, kylėtis
kylėdavotės, kylėtis
kylėsiusi, kylėtis
kylėsisi, kylėtis
kylėsis, kylėtis
kylėsimės, kylėtis
kylėsitės, kylėtis
kylėčiausi, kylėtis
kylėtumeisi, kylėtis
kylėtųsi, kylėtis
kylėtu(mė)mės, kylėtis
kylėtu(mė)tės, kylėtis
kyšotis, kyšotis
kyšausi, kyšotis
kyšaisi, kyšotis
kyšosi, kyšotis
kyšomės, kyšotis
kyšotės, kyšotis
kyšoks, kyšotis
kyšokitės, kyšotis
kyšokimės, kyšotis
kyšojausi, kyšotis
kyšojaisi, kyšotis
kyšojosi, kyšotis
kyšojomės, kyšotis
kyšojotės, kyšotis
kyšodavausi, kyšotis
kyšodavaisi, kyšotis
kyšodavosi, kyšotis
kyšodavomės, kyšotis
kyšodavotės, kyšotis
kyšosiusi, kyšotis
kyšosisi, kyšotis
kyšosis, kyšotis
kyšosimės, kyšotis
kyšositės, kyšotis
kyšočiausi, kyšotis
kyšotumeisi, kyšotis
kyšotųsi, kyšotis
kyšotu(mė)mės, kyšotis
kyšotu(mė)tės, kyšotis
labintis, labintis
labinuosi, labintis
labiniesi, labintis
labinasi, labintis
labinamės, labintis
labinatės, labintis
labinks, labintis
labinkitės, labintis
labinkimės, labintis
labinausi, labintis
labinaisi, labintis
labinosi, labintis
labinomės, labintis
labinotės, labintis
labindavausi, labintis
labindavaisi, labintis
labindavosi, labintis
labindavomės, labintis
labindavotės, labintis
labinsiusi, labintis
labinsisi, labintis
labinsis, labintis
labinsimės, labintis
labinsitės, labintis
labinčiausi, labintis
labintumeisi, labintis
labintųsi, labintis
labintu(mė)mės, labintis
labintu(mė)tės, labintis
laidotis, laidotis
laidojuosi, laidotis
laidojiesi, laidotis
laidojasi, laidotis
laidojamės, laidotis
laidojatės, laidotis
laidoks, laidotis
laidokitės, laidotis
laidokimės, laidotis
laidojausi, laidotis
laidojaisi, laidotis
laidojosi, laidotis
laidojomės, laidotis
laidojotės, laidotis
laidodavausi, laidotis
laidodavaisi, laidotis
laidodavosi, laidotis
laidodavomės, laidotis
laidodavotės, laidotis
laidosiusi, laidotis
laidosisi, laidotis
laidosis, laidotis
laidosimės, laidotis
laidositės, laidotis
laidočiausi, laidotis
laidotumeisi, laidotis
laidotųsi, laidotis
laidotu(mė)mės, laidotis
laidotu(mė)tės, laidotis
laiduotis, laiduotis
laiduojuosi, laiduotis
laiduojiesi, laiduotis
laiduojasi, laiduotis
laiduojamės, laiduotis
laiduojatės, laiduotis
laiduoks, laiduotis
laiduokitės, laiduotis
laiduokimės, laiduotis
laidavausi, laiduotis
laidavaisi, laiduotis
laidavosi, laiduotis
laidavomės, laiduotis
laidavotės, laiduotis
laiduodavausi, laiduotis
laiduodavaisi, laiduotis
laiduodavosi, laiduotis
laiduodavomės, laiduotis
laiduodavotės, laiduotis
laiduosiusi, laiduotis
laiduosisi, laiduotis
laiduosis, laiduotis
laiduosimės, laiduotis
laiduositės, laiduotis
laiduočiausi, laiduotis
laiduotumeisi, laiduotis
laiduotųsi, laiduotis
laiduotu(mė)mės, laiduotis
laiduotu(mė)tės, laiduotis
laidytis, laidytis
laidžausi, laidytis
laidaisi, laidytis
laidosi, laidytis
laidomės, laidytis
laidotės, laidytis
laidyks, laidytis
laidykitės, laidytis
laidykimės, laidytis
laideisi, laidytis
laidėsi, laidytis
laidėmės, laidytis
laidėtės, laidytis
laidydavausi, laidytis
laidydavaisi, laidytis
laidydavosi, laidytis
laidydavomės, laidytis
laidydavotės, laidytis
laidysiusi, laidytis
laidysisi, laidytis
laidysis, laidytis
laidysimės, laidytis
laidysitės, laidytis
laidyčiausi, laidytis
laidytumeisi, laidytis
laidytųsi, laidytis
laidytu(mė)mės, laidytis
laidytu(mė)tės, laidytis
laikintis, laikintis
laikinuosi, laikintis
laikiniesi, laikintis
laikinasi, laikintis
laikinamės, laikintis
laikinatės, laikintis
laikinks, laikintis
laikinkitės, laikintis
laikinkimės, laikintis
laikinausi, laikintis
laikinaisi, laikintis
laikinosi, laikintis
laikinomės, laikintis
laikinotės, laikintis
laikindavausi, laikintis
laikindavaisi, laikintis
laikindavosi, laikintis
laikindavomės, laikintis
laikindavotės, laikintis
laikinsiusi, laikintis
laikinsisi, laikintis
laikinsis, laikintis
laikinsimės, laikintis
laikinsitės, laikintis
laikinčiausi, laikintis
laikintumeisi, laikintis
laikintųsi, laikintis
laikintu(mė)mės, laikintis
laikintu(mė)tės, laikintis
laikytis, laikytis
laikausi, laikytis
laikaisi, laikytis
laikosi, laikytis
laikomės, laikytis
laikotės, laikytis
laikyks, laikytis
laikykitės, laikytis
laikykimės, laikytis
laikiausi, laikytis
laikeisi, laikytis
laikėsi, laikytis
laikėmės, laikytis
laikėtės, laikytis
laikydavausi, laikytis
laikydavaisi, laikytis
laikydavosi, laikytis
laikydavomės, laikytis
laikydavotės, laikytis
laikysiusi, laikytis
laikysisi, laikytis
laikysis, laikytis
laikysimės, laikytis
laikysitės, laikytis
laikyčiausi, laikytis
laikytumeisi, laikytis
laikytųsi, laikytis
laikytu(mė)mės, laikytis
laikytu(mė)tės, laikytis
laimėtis, laimėtis
laimiusi, laimėtis
laimisi, laimėtis
laimisi, laimėtis
laimimės, laimėtis
laimitės, laimėtis
laimėks, laimėtis
laimėkitės, laimėtis
laimėkimės, laimėtis
laimėjausi, laimėtis
laimėjaisi, laimėtis
laimėjosi, laimėtis
laimėjomės, laimėtis
laimėjotės, laimėtis
laimėdavausi, laimėtis
laimėdavaisi, laimėtis
laimėdavosi, laimėtis
laimėdavomės, laimėtis
laimėdavotės, laimėtis
laimėsiusi, laimėtis
laimėsisi, laimėtis
laimėsis, laimėtis
laimėsimės, laimėtis
laimėsitės, laimėtis
laimėčiausi, laimėtis
laimėtumeisi, laimėtis
laimėtųsi, laimėtis
laimėtu(mė)mės, laimėtis
laimėtu(mė)tės, laimėtis
laimintis, laimintis
laiminuosi, laimintis
laiminiesi, laimintis
laiminasi, laimintis
laiminamės, laimintis
laiminatės, laimintis
laiminks, laimintis
laiminkitės, laimintis
laiminkimės, laimintis
laiminausi, laimintis
laiminaisi, laimintis
laiminosi, laimintis
laiminomės, laimintis
laiminotės, laimintis
laimindavausi, laimintis
laimindavaisi, laimintis
laimindavosi, laimintis
laimindavomės, laimintis
laimindavotės, laimintis
laiminsiusi, laimintis
laiminsisi, laimintis
laiminsis, laimintis
laiminsimės, laimintis
laiminsitės, laimintis
laiminčiausi, laimintis
laimintumeisi, laimintis
laimintųsi, laimintis
laimintu(mė)mės, laimintis
laimintu(mė)tės, laimintis
laipintis, laipintis
laipinuosi, laipintis
laipiniesi, laipintis
laipinasi, laipintis
laipinamės, laipintis
laipinatės, laipintis
laipinks, laipintis
laipinkitės, laipintis
laipinkimės, laipintis
laipinausi, laipintis
laipinaisi, laipintis
laipinosi, laipintis
laipinomės, laipintis
laipinotės, laipintis
laipindavausi, laipintis
laipindavaisi, laipintis
laipindavosi, laipintis
laipindavomės, laipintis
laipindavotės, laipintis
laipinsiusi, laipintis
laipinsisi, laipintis
laipinsis, laipintis
laipinsimės, laipintis
laipinsitės, laipintis
laipinčiausi, laipintis
laipintumeisi, laipintis
laipintųsi, laipintis
laipintu(mė)mės, laipintis
laipintu(mė)tės, laipintis
laipiotis, laipiotis
laipiojuosi, laipiotis
laipiojiesi, laipiotis
laipiojasi, laipiotis
laipiojamės, laipiotis
laipiojatės, laipiotis
laipioks, laipiotis
laipiokitės, laipiotis
laipiokimės, laipiotis
laipiojausi, laipiotis
laipiojaisi, laipiotis
laipiojosi, laipiotis
laipiojomės, laipiotis
laipiojotės, laipiotis
laipiodavausi, laipiotis
laipiodavaisi, laipiotis
laipiodavosi, laipiotis
laipiodavomės, laipiotis
laipiodavotės, laipiotis
laipiosiusi, laipiotis
laipiosisi, laipiotis
laipiosis, laipiotis
laipiosimės, laipiotis
laipiositės, laipiotis
laipiočiausi, laipiotis
laipiotumeisi, laipiotis
laipiotųsi, laipiotis
laipiotu(mė)mės, laipiotis
laipiotu(mė)tės, laipiotis
laistytis, laistytis
laistausi, laistytis
laistaisi, laistytis
laistosi, laistytis
laistomės, laistytis
laistotės, laistytis
laistyks, laistytis
laistykitės, laistytis
laistykimės, laistytis
laisteisi, laistytis
laistėsi, laistytis
laistėmės, laistytis
laistėtės, laistytis
laistydavausi, laistytis
laistydavaisi, laistytis
laistydavosi, laistytis
laistydavomės, laistytis
laistydavotės, laistytis
laistysiusi, laistytis
laistysisi, laistytis
laistysis, laistytis
laistysimės, laistytis
laistysitės, laistytis
laistyčiausi, laistytis
laistytumeisi, laistytis
laistytųsi, laistytis
laistytu(mė)mės, laistytis
laistytu(mė)tės, laistytis
laisvėtis, laisvėtis
laisvėjuosi, laisvėtis
laisvėjiesi, laisvėtis
laisvėjasi, laisvėtis
laisvėjamės, laisvėtis
laisvėjatės, laisvėtis
laisvėks, laisvėtis
laisvėkitės, laisvėtis
laisvėkimės, laisvėtis
laisvėjausi, laisvėtis
laisvėjaisi, laisvėtis
laisvėjosi, laisvėtis
laisvėjomės, laisvėtis
laisvėjotės, laisvėtis
laisvėdavausi, laisvėtis
laisvėdavaisi, laisvėtis
laisvėdavosi, laisvėtis
laisvėdavomės, laisvėtis
laisvėdavotės, laisvėtis
laisvėsiusi, laisvėtis
laisvėsisi, laisvėtis
laisvėsis, laisvėtis
laisvėsimės, laisvėtis
laisvėsitės, laisvėtis
laisvėčiausi, laisvėtis
laisvėtumeisi, laisvėtis
laisvėtųsi, laisvėtis
laisvėtu(mė)mės, laisvėtis
laisvėtu(mė)tės, laisvėtis
laisvintis, laisvintis
laisvinuosi, laisvintis
laisviniesi, laisvintis
laisvinasi, laisvintis
laisvinamės, laisvintis
laisvinatės, laisvintis
laisvinks, laisvintis
laisvinkitės, laisvintis
laisvinkimės, laisvintis
laisvinausi, laisvintis
laisvinaisi, laisvintis
laisvinosi, laisvintis
laisvinomės, laisvintis
laisvinotės, laisvintis
laisvindavausi, laisvintis
laisvindavaisi, laisvintis
laisvindavosi, laisvintis
laisvindavomės, laisvintis
laisvindavotės, laisvintis
laisvinsiusi, laisvintis
laisvinsisi, laisvintis
laisvinsis, laisvintis
laisvinsimės, laisvintis
laisvinsitės, laisvintis
laisvinčiausi, laisvintis
laisvintumeisi, laisvintis
laisvintųsi, laisvintis
laisvintu(mė)mės, laisvintis
laisvintu(mė)tės, laisvintis
laižytis, laižytis
laižausi, laižytis
laižaisi, laižytis
laižosi, laižytis
laižomės, laižytis
laižotės, laižytis
laižyks, laižytis
laižykitės, laižytis
laižykimės, laižytis
laižiausi, laižytis
laižeisi, laižytis
laižėsi, laižytis
laižėmės, laižytis
laižėtės, laižytis
laižydavausi, laižytis
laižydavaisi, laižytis
laižydavosi, laižytis
laižydavomės, laižytis
laižydavotės, laižytis
laižysiusi, laižytis
laižysisi, laižytis
laižysis, laižytis
laižysimės, laižytis
laižysitės, laižytis
laižyčiausi, laižytis
laižytumeisi, laižytis
laižytųsi, laižytis
laižytu(mė)mės, laižytis
laižytu(mė)tės, laižytis
lakiotis, lakiotis
lakiojuosi, lakiotis
lakiojiesi, lakiotis
lakiojasi, lakiotis
lakiojamės, lakiotis
lakiojatės, lakiotis
lakioks, lakiotis
lakiokitės, lakiotis
lakiokimės, lakiotis
lakiojausi, lakiotis
lakiojaisi, lakiotis
lakiojosi, lakiotis
lakiojomės, lakiotis
lakiojotės, lakiotis
lakiodavausi, lakiotis
lakiodavaisi, lakiotis
lakiodavosi, lakiotis
lakiodavomės, lakiotis
lakiodavotės, lakiotis
lakiosiusi, lakiotis
lakiosisi, lakiotis
lakiosis, lakiotis
lakiosimės, lakiotis
lakiositės, lakiotis
lakiočiausi, lakiotis
lakiotumeisi, lakiotis
lakiotųsi, lakiotis
lakiotu(mė)mės, lakiotis
lakiotu(mė)tės, lakiotis
lakstytis, lakstytis
lakstausi, lakstytis
lakstaisi, lakstytis
lakstosi, lakstytis
lakstomės, lakstytis
lakstotės, lakstytis
lakstyks, lakstytis
lakstykitės, lakstytis
lakstykimės, lakstytis
laksteisi, lakstytis
lakstėsi, lakstytis
lakstėmės, lakstytis
lakstėtės, lakstytis
lakstydavausi, lakstytis
lakstydavaisi, lakstytis
lakstydavosi, lakstytis
lakstydavomės, lakstytis
lakstydavotės, lakstytis
lakstysiusi, lakstytis
lakstysisi, lakstytis
lakstysis, lakstytis
lakstysimės, lakstytis
lakstysitės, lakstytis
lakstyčiausi, lakstytis
lakstytumeisi, lakstytis
lakstytųsi, lakstytis
lakstytu(mė)mės, lakstytis
lakstytu(mė)tės, lakstytis
lamdytis, lamdytis
lamdžausi, lamdytis
lamdaisi, lamdytis
lamdosi, lamdytis
lamdomės, lamdytis
lamdotės, lamdytis
lamdyks, lamdytis
lamdykitės, lamdytis
lamdykimės, lamdytis
lamdeisi, lamdytis
lamdėsi, lamdytis
lamdėmės, lamdytis
lamdėtės, lamdytis
lamdydavausi, lamdytis
lamdydavaisi, lamdytis
lamdydavosi, lamdytis
lamdydavomės, lamdytis
lamdydavotės, lamdytis
lamdysiusi, lamdytis
lamdysisi, lamdytis
lamdysis, lamdytis
lamdysimės, lamdytis
lamdysitės, lamdytis
lamdyčiausi, lamdytis
lamdytumeisi, lamdytis
lamdytųsi, lamdytis
lamdytu(mė)mės, lamdytis
lamdytu(mė)tės, lamdytis
landžiotis, landžiotis
landžiojuosi, landžiotis
landžiojiesi, landžiotis
landžiojasi, landžiotis
landžiojamės, landžiotis
landžiojatės, landžiotis
landžioks, landžiotis
landžiokitės, landžiotis
landžiokimės, landžiotis
landžiojausi, landžiotis
landžiojaisi, landžiotis
landžiojosi, landžiotis
landžiojomės, landžiotis
landžiojotės, landžiotis
landžiodavausi, landžiotis
landžiodavaisi, landžiotis
landžiodavosi, landžiotis
landžiodavomės, landžiotis
landžiodavotės, landžiotis
landžiosiusi, landžiotis
landžiosisi, landžiotis
landžiosis, landžiotis
landžiosimės, landžiotis
landžiositės, landžiotis
landžiočiausi, landžiotis
landžiotumeisi, landžiotis
landžiotųsi, landžiotis
landžiotu(mė)mės, landžiotis
landžiotu(mė)tės, landžiotis
lankstytis, lankstytis
lankstausi, lankstytis
lankstaisi, lankstytis
lankstosi, lankstytis
lankstomės, lankstytis
lankstotės, lankstytis
lankstyks, lankstytis
lankstykitės, lankstytis
lankstykimės, lankstytis
lanksteisi, lankstytis
lankstėsi, lankstytis
lankstėmės, lankstytis
lankstėtės, lankstytis
lankstydavausi, lankstytis
lankstydavaisi, lankstytis
lankstydavosi, lankstytis
lankstydavomės, lankstytis
lankstydavotės, lankstytis
lankstysiusi, lankstytis
lankstysisi, lankstytis
lankstysis, lankstytis
lankstysimės, lankstytis
lankstysitės, lankstytis
lankstyčiausi, lankstytis
lankstytumeisi, lankstytis
lankstytųsi, lankstytis
lankstytu(mė)mės, lankstytis
lankstytu(mė)tės, lankstytis
lankytis, lankytis
lankausi, lankytis
lankaisi, lankytis
lankosi, lankytis
lankomės, lankytis
lankotės, lankytis
lankyks, lankytis
lankykitės, lankytis
lankykimės, lankytis
lankiausi, lankytis
lankeisi, lankytis
lankėsi, lankytis
lankėmės, lankytis
lankėtės, lankytis
lankydavausi, lankytis
lankydavaisi, lankytis
lankydavosi, lankytis
lankydavomės, lankytis
lankydavotės, lankytis
lankysiusi, lankytis
lankysisi, lankytis
lankysis, lankytis
lankysimės, lankytis
lankysitės, lankytis
lankyčiausi, lankytis
lankytumeisi, lankytis
lankytųsi, lankytis
lankytu(mė)mės, lankytis
lankytu(mė)tės, lankytis
lašėtis, lašėtis
lašuosi, lašėtis
lašiesi, lašėtis
lašasi, lašėtis
lašamės, lašėtis
lašatės, lašėtis
lašėks, lašėtis
lašėkitės, lašėtis
lašėkimės, lašėtis
lašėjausi, lašėtis
lašėjaisi, lašėtis
lašėjosi, lašėtis
lašėjomės, lašėtis
lašėjotės, lašėtis
lašėdavausi, lašėtis
lašėdavaisi, lašėtis
lašėdavosi, lašėtis
lašėdavomės, lašėtis
lašėdavotės, lašėtis
lašėsiusi, lašėtis
lašėsisi, lašėtis
lašėsis, lašėtis
lašėsimės, lašėtis
lašėsitės, lašėtis
lašėčiausi, lašėtis
lašėtumeisi, lašėtis
lašėtųsi, lašėtis
lašėtu(mė)mės, lašėtis
lašėtu(mė)tės, lašėtis
lašnotis, lašnotis
lašnojuosi, lašnotis
lašnojiesi, lašnotis
lašnojasi, lašnotis
lašnojamės, lašnotis
lašnojatės, lašnotis
lašnoks, lašnotis
lašnokitės, lašnotis
lašnokimės, lašnotis
lašnojausi, lašnotis
lašnojaisi, lašnotis
lašnojosi, lašnotis
lašnojomės, lašnotis
lašnojotės, lašnotis
lašnodavausi, lašnotis
lašnodavaisi, lašnotis
lašnodavosi, lašnotis
lašnodavomės, lašnotis
lašnodavotės, lašnotis
lašnosiusi, lašnotis
lašnosisi, lašnotis
lašnosis, lašnotis
lašnosimės, lašnotis
lašnositės, lašnotis
lašnočiausi, lašnotis
lašnotumeisi, lašnotis
lašnotųsi, lašnotis
lašnotu(mė)mės, lašnotis
lašnotu(mė)tės, lašnotis
lauktis, lauktis
laukiuosi, lauktis
laukiesi, lauktis
laukiasi, lauktis
laukiamės, lauktis
laukiatės, lauktis
lauks, lauktis
laukitės, lauktis
laukimės, lauktis
laukiausi, lauktis
laukeisi, lauktis
laukėsi, lauktis
laukėmės, lauktis
laukėtės, lauktis
laukdavausi, lauktis
laukdavaisi, lauktis
laukdavosi, lauktis
laukdavomės, lauktis
laukdavotės, lauktis
lauksiusi, lauktis
lauksisi, lauktis
lauksis, lauktis
lauksimės, lauktis
lauksitės, lauktis
laukčiausi, lauktis
lauktumeisi, lauktis
lauktųsi, lauktis
lauktu(mė)mės, lauktis
lauktu(mė)tės, lauktis
laužtis, laužtis
laužiuosi, laužtis
laužiesi, laužtis
laužiasi, laužtis
laužiamės, laužtis
laužiatės, laužtis
laužks, laužtis
laužkitės, laužtis
laužkimės, laužtis
laužiausi, laužtis
laužeisi, laužtis
laužėsi, laužtis
laužėmės, laužtis
laužėtės, laužtis
lauždavausi, laužtis
lauždavaisi, laužtis
lauždavosi, laužtis
lauždavomės, laužtis
lauždavotės, laužtis
laužšiusi, laužtis
laužšisi, laužtis
laužšis, laužtis
laužšimės, laužtis
laužšitės, laužtis
laužčiausi, laužtis
laužtumeisi, laužtis
laužtųsi, laužtis
laužtu(mė)mės, laužtis
laužtu(mė)tės, laužtis
laužytis, laužytis
laužausi, laužytis
laužaisi, laužytis
laužosi, laužytis
laužomės, laužytis
laužotės, laužytis
laužyks, laužytis
laužykitės, laužytis
laužykimės, laužytis
laužiausi, laužytis
laužeisi, laužytis
laužėsi, laužytis
laužėmės, laužytis
laužėtės, laužytis
laužydavausi, laužytis
laužydavaisi, laužytis
laužydavosi, laužytis
laužydavomės, laužytis
laužydavotės, laužytis
laužysiusi, laužytis
laužysisi, laužytis
laužysis, laužytis
laužysimės, laužytis
laužysitės, laužytis
laužyčiausi, laužytis
laužytumeisi, laužytis
laužytųsi, laužytis
laužytu(mė)mės, laužytis
laužytu(mė)tės, laužytis
lavintis, lavintis
lavinuosi, lavintis
laviniesi, lavintis
lavinasi, lavintis
lavinamės, lavintis
lavinatės, lavintis
lavinks, lavintis
lavinkitės, lavintis
lavinkimės, lavintis
lavinausi, lavintis
lavinaisi, lavintis
lavinosi, lavintis
lavinomės, lavintis
lavinotės, lavintis
lavindavausi, lavintis
lavindavaisi, lavintis
lavindavosi, lavintis
lavindavomės, lavintis
lavindavotės, lavintis
lavinsiusi, lavintis
lavinsisi, lavintis
lavinsis, lavintis
lavinsimės, lavintis
lavinsitės, lavintis
lavinčiausi, lavintis
lavintumeisi, lavintis
lavintųsi, lavintis
lavintu(mė)mės, lavintis
lavintu(mė)tės, lavintis
leistis, leistis
leidžiuosi, leistis
leidžiesi, leistis
leidžiasi, leistis
leidžiamės, leistis
leidžiatės, leistis
leisks, leistis
leiskitės, leistis
leiskimės, leistis
leidausi, leistis
leidaisi, leistis
leidosi, leistis
leidomės, leistis
leidotės, leistis
leisdavausi, leistis
leisdavaisi, leistis
leisdavosi, leistis
leisdavomės, leistis
leisdavotės, leistis
leisiusi, leistis
leisisi, leistis
leisis, leistis
leisimės, leistis
leisitės, leistis
leisčiausi, leistis
leistumeisi, leistis
leistųsi, leistis
leistu(mė)mės, leistis
leistu(mė)tės, leistis
lekiotis, lekiotis
lekiojuosi, lekiotis
lekiojiesi, lekiotis
lekiojasi, lekiotis
lekiojamės, lekiotis
lekiojatės, lekiotis
lekioks, lekiotis
lekiokitės, lekiotis
lekiokimės, lekiotis
lekiojausi, lekiotis
lekiojaisi, lekiotis
lekiojosi, lekiotis
lekiojomės, lekiotis
lekiojotės, lekiotis
lekiodavausi, lekiotis
lekiodavaisi, lekiotis
lekiodavosi, lekiotis
lekiodavomės, lekiotis
lekiodavotės, lekiotis
lekiosiusi, lekiotis
lekiosisi, lekiotis
lekiosis, lekiotis
lekiosimės, lekiotis
lekiositės, lekiotis
lekiočiausi, lekiotis
lekiotumeisi, lekiotis
lekiotųsi, lekiotis
lekiotu(mė)mės, lekiotis
lekiotu(mė)tės, lekiotis
lėktis, lėktis
lekiuosi, lėktis
lekiesi, lėktis
lekiasi, lėktis
lekiamės, lėktis
lekiatės, lėktis
lėks, lėktis
lėkitės, lėktis
lėkimės, lėktis
lėkiausi, lėktis
lėkeisi, lėktis
lėkėsi, lėktis
lėkėmės, lėktis
lėkėtės, lėktis
lėkdavausi, lėktis
lėkdavaisi, lėktis
lėkdavosi, lėktis
lėkdavomės, lėktis
lėkdavotės, lėktis
lėksiusi, lėktis
lėksisi, lėktis
lėksis, lėktis
lėksimės, lėktis
lėksitės, lėktis
lėkčiausi, lėktis
lėktumeisi, lėktis
lėktųsi, lėktis
lėktu(mė)mės, lėktis
lėktu(mė)tės, lėktis
lemtis, lemtis
lemiuosi, lemtis
lemiesi, lemtis
lemiasi, lemtis
lemiamės, lemtis
lemiatės, lemtis
lemks, lemtis
lemkitės, lemtis
lemkimės, lemtis
lėmiausi, lemtis
lėmeisi, lemtis
lėmėsi, lemtis
lėmėmės, lemtis
lėmėtės, lemtis
lemdavausi, lemtis
lemdavaisi, lemtis
lemdavosi, lemtis
lemdavomės, lemtis
lemdavotės, lemtis
lemsiusi, lemtis
lemsisi, lemtis
lemsis, lemtis
lemsimės, lemtis
lemsitės, lemtis
lemčiausi, lemtis
lemtumeisi, lemtis
lemtųsi, lemtis
lemtu(mė)mės, lemtis
lemtu(mė)tės, lemtis
lengvėtis, lengvėtis
lengvėjuosi, lengvėtis
lengvėjiesi, lengvėtis
lengvėjasi, lengvėtis
lengvėjamės, lengvėtis
lengvėjatės, lengvėtis
lengvėks, lengvėtis
lengvėkitės, lengvėtis
lengvėkimės, lengvėtis
lengvėjausi, lengvėtis
lengvėjaisi, lengvėtis
lengvėjosi, lengvėtis
lengvėjomės, lengvėtis
lengvėjotės, lengvėtis
lengvėdavausi, lengvėtis
lengvėdavaisi, lengvėtis
lengvėdavosi, lengvėtis
lengvėdavomės, lengvėtis
lengvėdavotės, lengvėtis
lengvėsiusi, lengvėtis
lengvėsisi, lengvėtis
lengvėsis, lengvėtis
lengvėsimės, lengvėtis
lengvėsitės, lengvėtis
lengvėčiausi, lengvėtis
lengvėtumeisi, lengvėtis
lengvėtųsi, lengvėtis
lengvėtu(mė)mės, lengvėtis
lengvėtu(mė)tės, lengvėtis
lengvintis, lengvintis
lengvinuosi, lengvintis
lengviniesi, lengvintis
lengvinasi, lengvintis
lengvinamės, lengvintis
lengvinatės, lengvintis
lengvinks, lengvintis
lengvinkitės, lengvintis
lengvinkimės, lengvintis
lengvinausi, lengvintis
lengvinaisi, lengvintis
lengvinosi, lengvintis
lengvinomės, lengvintis
lengvinotės, lengvintis
lengvindavausi, lengvintis
lengvindavaisi, lengvintis
lengvindavosi, lengvintis
lengvindavomės, lengvintis
lengvindavotės, lengvintis
lengvinsiusi, lengvintis
lengvinsisi, lengvintis
lengvinsis, lengvintis
lengvinsimės, lengvintis
lengvinsitės, lengvintis
lengvinčiausi, lengvintis
lengvintumeisi, lengvintis
lengvintųsi, lengvintis
lengvintu(mė)mės, lengvintis
lengvintu(mė)tės, lengvintis
lenktis, lenktis
lenkiuosi, lenktis
lenkiesi, lenktis
lenkiasi, lenktis
lenkiamės, lenktis
lenkiatės, lenktis
lenks, lenktis
lenkitės, lenktis
lenkimės, lenktis
lenkiausi, lenktis
lenkeisi, lenktis
lenkėsi, lenktis
lenkėmės, lenktis
lenkėtės, lenktis
lenkdavausi, lenktis
lenkdavaisi, lenktis
lenkdavosi, lenktis
lenkdavomės, lenktis
lenkdavotės, lenktis
lenksiusi, lenktis
lenksisi, lenktis
lenksis, lenktis
lenksimės, lenktis
lenksitės, lenktis
lenkčiausi, lenktis
lenktumeisi, lenktis
lenktųsi, lenktis
lenktu(mė)mės, lenktis
lenktu(mė)tės, lenktis
lenktyniautis, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaujuosi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaujiesi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaujasi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaujamės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaujatės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniauks, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaukitės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaukimės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniavausi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniavaisi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniavosi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniavomės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniavotės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaudavausi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaudavaisi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaudavosi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaudavomės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaudavotės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniausiusi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniausisi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniausis, lenktyniautis
lenktyniausimės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniausitės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniaučiausi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniautumeisi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniautųsi, lenktyniautis
lenktyniautu(mė)mės, lenktyniautis
lenktyniautu(mė)tės, lenktyniautis
lepintis, lepintis
lepinuosi, lepintis
lepiniesi, lepintis
lepinasi, lepintis
lepinamės, lepintis
lepinatės, lepintis
lepinks, lepintis
lepinkitės, lepintis
lepinkimės, lepintis
lepinausi, lepintis
lepinaisi, lepintis
lepinosi, lepintis
lepinomės, lepintis
lepinotės, lepintis
lepindavausi, lepintis
lepindavaisi, lepintis
lepindavosi, lepintis
lepindavomės, lepintis
lepindavotės, lepintis
lepinsiusi, lepintis
lepinsisi, lepintis
lepinsis, lepintis
lepinsimės, lepintis
lepinsitės, lepintis
lepinčiausi, lepintis
lepintumeisi, lepintis
lepintųsi, lepintis
lepintu(mė)mės, lepintis
lepintu(mė)tės, lepintis
leptelėtis, leptelėtis
leptelėjuosi, leptelėtis
leptelėjiesi, leptelėtis
leptelėjasi, leptelėtis
leptelėjamės, leptelėtis
leptelėjatės, leptelėtis
leptelėks, leptelėtis
leptelėkitės, leptelėtis
leptelėkimės, leptelėtis
leptelėjausi, leptelėtis
leptelėjaisi, leptelėtis
leptelėjosi, leptelėtis
leptelėjomės, leptelėtis
leptelėjotės, leptelėtis
leptelėdavausi, leptelėtis
leptelėdavaisi, leptelėtis
leptelėdavosi, leptelėtis
leptelėdavomės, leptelėtis
leptelėdavotės, leptelėtis
leptelėsiusi, leptelėtis
leptelėsisi, leptelėtis
leptelėsis, leptelėtis
leptelėsimės, leptelėtis
leptelėsitės, leptelėtis
leptelėčiausi, leptelėtis
leptelėtumeisi, leptelėtis
leptelėtųsi, leptelėtis
leptelėtu(mė)mės, leptelėtis
leptelėtu(mė)tės, leptelėtis
leptis, leptis
lempuosi, leptis
lempiesi, leptis
lempasi, leptis
lempamės, leptis
lempatės, leptis
lepks, leptis
lepkitės, leptis
lepkimės, leptis
lepausi, leptis
lepaisi, leptis
leposi, leptis
lepomės, leptis
lepotės, leptis
lepdavausi, leptis
lepdavaisi, leptis
lepdavosi, leptis
lepdavomės, leptis
lepdavotės, leptis
lepsiusi, leptis
lepsisi, leptis
lepsis, leptis
lepsimės, leptis
lepsitės, leptis
lepčiausi, leptis
leptumeisi, leptis
leptųsi, leptis
leptu(mė)mės, leptis
leptu(mė)tės, leptis
lesinėtis, lesinėtis
lesinėjuosi, lesinėtis
lesinėjiesi, lesinėtis
lesinėjasi, lesinėtis
lesinėjamės, lesinėtis
lesinėjatės, lesinėtis
lesinėks, lesinėtis
lesinėkitės, lesinėtis
lesinėkimės, lesinėtis
lesinėjausi, lesinėtis
lesinėjaisi, lesinėtis
lesinėjosi, lesinėtis
lesinėjomės, lesinėtis
lesinėjotės, lesinėtis
lesinėdavausi, lesinėtis
lesinėdavaisi, lesinėtis
lesinėdavosi, lesinėtis
lesinėdavomės, lesinėtis
lesinėdavotės, lesinėtis
lesinėsiusi, lesinėtis
lesinėsisi, lesinėtis
lesinėsis, lesinėtis
lesinėsimės, lesinėtis
lesinėsitės, lesinėtis
lesinėčiausi, lesinėtis
lesinėtumeisi, lesinėtis
lesinėtųsi, lesinėtis
lesinėtu(mė)mės, lesinėtis
lesinėtu(mė)tės, lesinėtis
lesintis, lesintis
lesinuosi, lesintis
lesiniesi, lesintis
lesinasi, lesintis
lesinamės, lesintis
lesinatės, lesintis
lesinks, lesintis
lesinkitės, lesintis
lesinkimės, lesintis
lesinausi, lesintis
lesinaisi, lesintis
lesinosi, lesintis
lesinomės, lesintis
lesinotės, lesintis
lesindavausi, lesintis
lesindavaisi, lesintis
lesindavosi, lesintis
lesindavomės, lesintis
lesindavotės, lesintis
lesinsiusi, lesintis
lesinsisi, lesintis
lesinsis, lesintis
lesinsimės, lesintis
lesinsitės, lesintis
lesinčiausi, lesintis
lesintumeisi, lesintis
lesintųsi, lesintis
lesintu(mė)mės, lesintis
lesintu(mė)tės, lesintis
lestis, lestis
lesuosi, lestis
lesiesi, lestis
lesasi, lestis
lesamės, lestis
lesatės, lestis
lesks, lestis
leskitės, lestis
leskimės, lestis
lesiausi, lestis
leseisi, lestis
lesėsi, lestis
lesėmės, lestis
lesėtės, lestis
lesdavausi, lestis
lesdavaisi, lestis
lesdavosi, lestis
lesdavomės, lestis
lesdavotės, lestis
lesiusi, lestis
lesisi, lestis
lesis, lestis
lesimės, lestis
lesitės, lestis
lesčiausi, lestis
lestumeisi, lestis
lestųsi, lestis
lestu(mė)mės, lestis
lestu(mė)tės, lestis
lėtintis, lėtintis
lėtinuosi, lėtintis
lėtiniesi, lėtintis
lėtinasi, lėtintis
lėtinamės, lėtintis
lėtinatės, lėtintis
lėtinks, lėtintis
lėtinkitės, lėtintis
lėtinkimės, lėtintis
lėtinausi, lėtintis
lėtinaisi, lėtintis
lėtinosi, lėtintis
lėtinomės, lėtintis
lėtinotės, lėtintis
lėtindavausi, lėtintis
lėtindavaisi, lėtintis
lėtindavosi, lėtintis
lėtindavomės, lėtintis
lėtindavotės, lėtintis
lėtinsiusi, lėtintis
lėtinsisi, lėtintis
lėtinsis, lėtintis
lėtinsimės, lėtintis
lėtinsitės, lėtintis
lėtinčiausi, lėtintis
lėtintumeisi, lėtintis
lėtintųsi, lėtintis
lėtintu(mė)mės, lėtintis
lėtintu(mė)tės, lėtintis
liaupsintis, liaupsintis
liaupsinuosi, liaupsintis
liaupsiniesi, liaupsintis
liaupsinasi, liaupsintis
liaupsinamės, liaupsintis
liaupsinatės, liaupsintis
liaupsinks, liaupsintis
liaupsinkitės, liaupsintis
liaupsinkimės, liaupsintis
liaupsinausi, liaupsintis
liaupsinaisi, liaupsintis
liaupsinosi, liaupsintis
liaupsinomės, liaupsintis
liaupsinotės, liaupsintis
liaupsindavausi, liaupsintis
liaupsindavaisi, liaupsintis
liaupsindavosi, liaupsintis
liaupsindavomės, liaupsintis
liaupsindavotės, liaupsintis
liaupsinsiusi, liaupsintis
liaupsinsisi, liaupsintis
liaupsinsis, liaupsintis
liaupsinsimės, liaupsintis
liaupsinsitės, liaupsintis
liaupsinčiausi, liaupsintis
liaupsintumeisi, liaupsintis
liaupsintųsi, liaupsintis
liaupsintu(mė)mės, liaupsintis
liaupsintu(mė)tės, liaupsintis
liepsnotis, liepsnotis
liepsnojuosi, liepsnotis
liepsnojiesi, liepsnotis
liepsnojasi, liepsnotis
liepsnojamės, liepsnotis
liepsnojatės, liepsnotis
liepsnoks, liepsnotis
liepsnokitės, liepsnotis
liepsnokimės, liepsnotis
liepsnojausi, liepsnotis
liepsnojaisi, liepsnotis
liepsnojosi, liepsnotis
liepsnojomės, liepsnotis
liepsnojotės, liepsnotis
liepsnodavausi, liepsnotis
liepsnodavaisi, liepsnotis
liepsnodavosi, liepsnotis
liepsnodavomės, liepsnotis
liepsnodavotės, liepsnotis
liepsnosiusi, liepsnotis
liepsnosisi, liepsnotis
liepsnosis, liepsnotis
liepsnosimės, liepsnotis
liepsnositės, liepsnotis
liepsnočiausi, liepsnotis
liepsnotumeisi, liepsnotis
liepsnotųsi, liepsnotis
liepsnotu(mė)mės, liepsnotis
liepsnotu(mė)tės, liepsnotis
lieptis, lieptis
liepiuosi, lieptis
liepiesi, lieptis
liepiasi, lieptis
liepiamės, lieptis
liepiatės, lieptis
liepks, lieptis
liepkitės, lieptis
liepkimės, lieptis
liepiausi, lieptis
liepeisi, lieptis
liepėsi, lieptis
liepėmės, lieptis
liepėtės, lieptis
liepdavausi, lieptis
liepdavaisi, lieptis
liepdavosi, lieptis
liepdavomės, lieptis
liepdavotės, lieptis
liepsiusi, lieptis
liepsisi, lieptis
liepsis, lieptis
liepsimės, lieptis
liepsitės, lieptis
liepčiausi, lieptis
lieptumeisi, lieptis
lieptųsi, lieptis
lieptu(mė)mės, lieptis
lieptu(mė)tės, lieptis
liestis, liestis
liečiuosi, liestis
liečiesi, liestis
liečiasi, liestis
liečiamės, liestis
liečiatės, liestis
liesks, liestis
lieskitės, liestis
lieskimės, liestis
lieteisi, liestis
lietėsi, liestis
lietėmės, liestis
lietėtės, liestis
liesdavausi, liestis
liesdavaisi, liestis
liesdavosi, liestis
liesdavomės, liestis
liesdavotės, liestis
liesiusi, liestis
liesisi, liestis
liesis, liestis
liesimės, liestis
liesitės, liestis
liesčiausi, liestis
liestumeisi, liestis
liestųsi, liestis
liestu(mė)mės, liestis
liestu(mė)tės, liestis
lietis, lietis
liejuosi, lietis
liejiesi, lietis
liejasi, lietis
liejamės, lietis
liejatės, lietis
lieks, lietis
liekitės, lietis
liekimės, lietis
liejausi, lietis
liejaisi, lietis
liejosi, lietis
liejomės, lietis
liejotės, lietis
liedavausi, lietis
liedavaisi, lietis
liedavosi, lietis
liedavomės, lietis
liedavotės, lietis
liesiusi, lietis
liesisi, lietis
liesis, lietis
liesimės, lietis
liesitės, lietis
liečiausi, lietis
lietumeisi, lietis
lietųsi, lietis
lietu(mė)mės, lietis
lietu(mė)tės, lietis
lietuvintis, lietuvintis
lietuvinuosi, lietuvintis
lietuviniesi, lietuvintis
lietuvinasi, lietuvintis
lietuvinamės, lietuvintis
lietuvinatės, lietuvintis
lietuvinks, lietuvintis
lietuvinkitės, lietuvintis
lietuvinkimės, lietuvintis
lietuvinausi, lietuvintis
lietuvinaisi, lietuvintis
lietuvinosi, lietuvintis
lietuvinomės, lietuvintis
lietuvinotės, lietuvintis
lietuvindavausi, lietuvintis
lietuvindavaisi, lietuvintis
lietuvindavosi, lietuvintis
lietuvindavomės, lietuvintis
lietuvindavotės, lietuvintis
lietuvinsiusi, lietuvintis
lietuvinsisi, lietuvintis
lietuvinsis, lietuvintis
lietuvinsimės, lietuvintis
lietuvinsitės, lietuvintis
lietuvinčiausi, lietuvintis
lietuvintumeisi, lietuvintis
lietuvintųsi, lietuvintis
lietuvintu(mė)mės, lietuvintis
lietuvintu(mė)tės, lietuvintis
liežuvautis, liežuvautis
liežuvaujuosi, liežuvautis
liežuvaujiesi, liežuvautis
liežuvaujasi, liežuvautis
liežuvaujamės, liežuvautis
liežuvaujatės, liežuvautis
liežuvauks, liežuvautis
liežuvaukitės, liežuvautis
liežuvaukimės, liežuvautis
liežuvavausi, liežuvautis
liežuvavaisi, liežuvautis
liežuvavosi, liežuvautis
liežuvavomės, liežuvautis
liežuvavotės, liežuvautis
liežuvaudavausi, liežuvautis
liežuvaudavaisi, liežuvautis
liežuvaudavosi, liežuvautis
liežuvaudavomės, liežuvautis
liežuvaudavotės, liežuvautis
liežuvausiusi, liežuvautis
liežuvausisi, liežuvautis
liežuvausis, liežuvautis
liežuvausimės, liežuvautis
liežuvausitės, liežuvautis
liežuvaučiausi, liežuvautis
liežuvautumeisi, liežuvautis
liežuvautųsi, liežuvautis
liežuvautu(mė)mės, liežuvautis
liežuvautu(mė)tės, liežuvautis
lignuotis, lignuotis
linguojuosi, lignuotis
linguojiesi, lignuotis
linguojasi, lignuotis
linguojamės, lignuotis
linguojatės, lignuotis
lignuoks, lignuotis
lignuokitės, lignuotis
lignuokimės, lignuotis
lingavausi, lignuotis
lingavaisi, lignuotis
lingavosi, lignuotis
lingavomės, lignuotis
lingavotės, lignuotis
lignuodavausi, lignuotis
lignuodavaisi, lignuotis
lignuodavosi, lignuotis
lignuodavomės, lignuotis
lignuodavotės, lignuotis
lignuosiusi, lignuotis
lignuosisi, lignuotis
lignuosis, lignuotis
lignuosimės, lignuotis
lignuositės, lignuotis
lignuočiausi, lignuotis
lignuotumeisi, lignuotis
lignuotųsi, lignuotis
lignuotu(mė)mės, lignuotis
lignuotu(mė)tės, lignuotis
liktis, liktis
liekuosi, liktis
liekiesi, liktis
liekasi, liktis
liekamės, liktis
liekatės, liktis
liks, liktis
likitės, liktis
likimės, liktis
likausi, liktis
likaisi, liktis
likosi, liktis
likomės, liktis
likotės, liktis
likdavausi, liktis
likdavaisi, liktis
likdavosi, liktis
likdavomės, liktis
likdavotės, liktis
liksiusi, liktis
liksisi, liktis
liksis, liktis
liksimės, liktis
liksitės, liktis
likčiausi, liktis
liktumeisi, liktis
liktųsi, liktis
liktu(mė)mės, liktis
liktu(mė)tės, liktis
likviduotis, likviduotis
likviduojuosi, likviduotis
likviduojiesi, likviduotis
likviduojasi, likviduotis
likviduojamės, likviduotis
likviduojatės, likviduotis
likviduoks, likviduotis
likviduokitės, likviduotis
likviduokimės, likviduotis
likvidavausi, likviduotis
likvidavaisi, likviduotis
likvidavosi, likviduotis
likvidavomės, likviduotis
likvidavotės, likviduotis
likviduodavausi, likviduotis
likviduodavaisi, likviduotis
likviduodavosi, likviduotis
likviduodavomės, likviduotis
likviduodavotės, likviduotis
likviduosiusi, likviduotis
likviduosisi, likviduotis
likviduosis, likviduotis
likviduosimės, likviduotis
likviduositės, likviduotis
likviduočiausi, likviduotis
likviduotumeisi, likviduotis
likviduotųsi, likviduotis
likviduotu(mė)mės, likviduotis
likviduotu(mė)tės, likviduotis
lindėtis, lindėtis
lindžiusi, lindėtis
lindisi, lindėtis
lindisi, lindėtis
lindimės, lindėtis
linditės, lindėtis
lindėks, lindėtis
lindėkitės, lindėtis
lindėkimės, lindėtis
lindėjausi, lindėtis
lindėjaisi, lindėtis
lindėjosi, lindėtis
lindėjomės, lindėtis
lindėjotės, lindėtis
lindėdavausi, lindėtis
lindėdavaisi, lindėtis
lindėdavosi, lindėtis
lindėdavomės, lindėtis
lindėdavotės, lindėtis
lindėsiusi, lindėtis
lindėsisi, lindėtis
lindėsis, lindėtis
lindėsimės, lindėtis
lindėsitės, lindėtis
lindėčiausi, lindėtis
lindėtumeisi, lindėtis
lindėtųsi, lindėtis
lindėtu(mė)mės, lindėtis
lindėtu(mė)tės, lindėtis
linguotis, linguotis
linguojuosi, linguotis
linguojiesi, linguotis
linguojasi, linguotis
linguojamės, linguotis
linguojatės, linguotis
linguoks, linguotis
linguokitės, linguotis
linguokimės, linguotis
lingavausi, linguotis
lingavaisi, linguotis
lingavosi, linguotis
lingavomės, linguotis
lingavotės, linguotis
linguodavausi, linguotis
linguodavaisi, linguotis
linguodavosi, linguotis
linguodavomės, linguotis
linguodavotės, linguotis
linguosiusi, linguotis
linguosisi, linguotis
linguosis, linguotis
linguosimės, linguotis
linguositės, linguotis
linguočiausi, linguotis
linguotumeisi, linguotis
linguotųsi, linguotis
linguotu(mė)mės, linguotis
linguotu(mė)tės, linguotis
linkčiotis, linkčiotis
linkčiojuosi, linkčiotis
linkčiojiesi, linkčiotis
linkčiojasi, linkčiotis
linkčiojamės, linkčiotis
linkčiojatės, linkčiotis
linkčioks, linkčiotis
linkčiokitės, linkčiotis
linkčiokimės, linkčiotis
linkčiojausi, linkčiotis
linkčiojaisi, linkčiotis
linkčiojosi, linkčiotis
linkčiojomės, linkčiotis
linkčiojotės, linkčiotis
linkčiodavausi, linkčiotis
linkčiodavaisi, linkčiotis
linkčiodavosi, linkčiotis
linkčiodavomės, linkčiotis
linkčiodavotės, linkčiotis
linkčiosiusi, linkčiotis
linkčiosisi, linkčiotis
linkčiosis, linkčiotis
linkčiosimės, linkčiotis
linkčiositės, linkčiotis
linkčiočiausi, linkčiotis
linkčiotumeisi, linkčiotis
linkčiotųsi, linkčiotis
linkčiotu(mė)mės, linkčiotis
linkčiotu(mė)tės, linkčiotis
linkėtis, linkėtis
linkiusi, linkėtis
linkisi, linkėtis
linkisi, linkėtis
linkimės, linkėtis
linkitės, linkėtis
linkėks, linkėtis
linkėkitės, linkėtis
linkėkimės, linkėtis
linkėjausi, linkėtis
linkėjaisi, linkėtis
linkėjosi, linkėtis
linkėjomės, linkėtis
linkėjotės, linkėtis
linkėdavausi, linkėtis
linkėdavaisi, linkėtis
linkėdavosi, linkėtis
linkėdavomės, linkėtis
linkėdavotės, linkėtis
linkėsiusi, linkėtis
linkėsisi, linkėtis
linkėsis, linkėtis
linkėsimės, linkėtis
linkėsitės, linkėtis
linkėčiausi, linkėtis
linkėtumeisi, linkėtis
linkėtųsi, linkėtis
linkėtu(mė)mės, linkėtis
linkėtu(mė)tės, linkėtis
linksėtis, linksėtis
linksiusi, linksėtis
linksisi, linksėtis
linksisi, linksėtis
linksimės, linksėtis
linksitės, linksėtis
linksėks, linksėtis
linksėkitės, linksėtis
linksėkimės, linksėtis
linksėjausi, linksėtis
linksėjaisi, linksėtis
linksėjosi, linksėtis
linksėjomės, linksėtis
linksėjotės, linksėtis
linksėdavausi, linksėtis
linksėdavaisi, linksėtis
linksėdavosi, linksėtis
linksėdavomės, linksėtis
linksėdavotės, linksėtis
linksėsiusi, linksėtis
linksėsisi, linksėtis
linksėsis, linksėtis
linksėsimės, linksėtis
linksėsitės, linksėtis
linksėčiausi, linksėtis
linksėtumeisi, linksėtis
linksėtųsi, linksėtis
linksėtu(mė)mės, linksėtis
linksėtu(mė)tės, linksėtis
linksmėtis, linksmėtis
linksmėjuosi, linksmėtis
linksmėjiesi, linksmėtis
linksmėjasi, linksmėtis
linksmėjamės, linksmėtis
linksmėjatės, linksmėtis
linksmėks, linksmėtis
linksmėkitės, linksmėtis
linksmėkimės, linksmėtis
linksmėjausi, linksmėtis
linksmėjaisi, linksmėtis
linksmėjosi, linksmėtis
linksmėjomės, linksmėtis
linksmėjotės, linksmėtis
linksmėdavausi, linksmėtis
linksmėdavaisi, linksmėtis
linksmėdavosi, linksmėtis
linksmėdavomės, linksmėtis
linksmėdavotės, linksmėtis
linksmėsiusi, linksmėtis
linksmėsisi, linksmėtis
linksmėsis, linksmėtis
linksmėsimės, linksmėtis
linksmėsitės, linksmėtis
linksmėčiausi, linksmėtis
linksmėtumeisi, linksmėtis
linksmėtųsi, linksmėtis
linksmėtu(mė)mės, linksmėtis
linksmėtu(mė)tės, linksmėtis
linksmintis, linksmintis
linksminuosi, linksmintis
linksminiesi, linksmintis
linksminasi, linksmintis
linksminamės, linksmintis
linksminatės, linksmintis
linksminks, linksmintis
linksminkitės, linksmintis
linksminkimės, linksmintis
linksminausi, linksmintis
linksminaisi, linksmintis
linksminosi, linksmintis
linksminomės, linksmintis
linksminotės, linksmintis
linksmindavausi, linksmintis
linksmindavaisi, linksmintis
linksmindavosi, linksmintis
linksmindavomės, linksmintis
linksmindavotės, linksmintis
linksminsiusi, linksmintis
linksminsisi, linksmintis
linksminsis, linksmintis
linksminsimės, linksmintis
linksminsitės, linksmintis
linksminčiausi, linksmintis
linksmintumeisi, linksmintis
linksmintųsi, linksmintis
linksmintu(mė)mės, linksmintis
linksmintu(mė)tės, linksmintis
linksniuotis, linksniuotis
linksniuojuosi, linksniuotis
linksniuojiesi, linksniuotis
linksniuojasi, linksniuotis
linksniuojamės, linksniuotis
linksniuojatės, linksniuotis
linksniuoks, linksniuotis
linksniuokitės, linksniuotis
linksniuokimės, linksniuotis
linksniavausi, linksniuotis
linksniavaisi, linksniuotis
linksniavosi, linksniuotis
linksniavomės, linksniuotis
linksniavotės, linksniuotis
linksniuodavausi, linksniuotis
linksniuodavaisi, linksniuotis
linksniuodavosi, linksniuotis
linksniuodavomės, linksniuotis
linksniuodavotės, linksniuotis
linksniuosiusi, linksniuotis
linksniuosisi, linksniuotis
linksniuosis, linksniuotis
linksniuosimės, linksniuotis
linksniuositės, linksniuotis
linksniuočiausi, linksniuotis
linksniuotumeisi, linksniuotis
linksniuotųsi, linksniuotis
linksniuotu(mė)mės, linksniuotis
linksniuotu(mė)tės, linksniuotis
linktelėtis, linktelėtis
linktelėjuosi, linktelėtis
linktelėjiesi, linktelėtis
linktelėjasi, linktelėtis
linktelėjamės, linktelėtis
linktelėjatės, linktelėtis
linktelėks, linktelėtis
linktelėkitės, linktelėtis
linktelėkimės, linktelėtis
linktelėjausi, linktelėtis
linktelėjaisi, linktelėtis
linktelėjosi, linktelėtis
linktelėjomės, linktelėtis
linktelėjotės, linktelėtis
linktelėdavausi, linktelėtis
linktelėdavaisi, linktelėtis
linktelėdavosi, linktelėtis
linktelėdavomės, linktelėtis
linktelėdavotės, linktelėtis
linktelėsiusi, linktelėtis
linktelėsisi, linktelėtis
linktelėsis, linktelėtis
linktelėsimės, linktelėtis
linktelėsitės, linktelėtis
linktelėčiausi, linktelėtis
linktelėtumeisi, linktelėtis
linktelėtųsi, linktelėtis
linktelėtu(mė)mės, linktelėtis
linktelėtu(mė)tės, linktelėtis
linktis, linktis
linkstuosi, linktis
linkstiesi, linktis
linkstasi, linktis
linkstamės, linktis
linkstatės, linktis
links, linktis
linkitės, linktis
linkimės, linktis
linkausi, linktis
linkaisi, linktis
linkosi, linktis
linkomės, linktis
linkotės, linktis
linkdavausi, linktis
linkdavaisi, linktis
linkdavosi, linktis
linkdavomės, linktis
linkdavotės, linktis
linksiusi, linktis
linksisi, linktis
linksis, linktis
linksimės, linktis
linksitės, linktis
linkčiausi, linktis
linktumeisi, linktis
linktųsi, linktis
linktu(mė)mės, linktis
linktu(mė)tės, linktis
lipdytis, lipdytis
lipdžausi, lipdytis
lipdaisi, lipdytis
lipdosi, lipdytis
lipdomės, lipdytis
lipdotės, lipdytis
lipdyks, lipdytis
lipdykitės, lipdytis
lipdykimės, lipdytis
lipdeisi, lipdytis
lipdėsi, lipdytis
lipdėmės, lipdytis
lipdėtės, lipdytis
lipdydavausi, lipdytis
lipdydavaisi, lipdytis
lipdydavosi, lipdytis
lipdydavomės, lipdytis
lipdydavotės, lipdytis
lipdysiusi, lipdytis
lipdysisi, lipdytis
lipdysis, lipdytis
lipdysimės, lipdytis
lipdysitės, lipdytis
lipdyčiausi, lipdytis
lipdytumeisi, lipdytis
lipdytųsi, lipdytis
lipdytu(mė)mės, lipdytis
lipdytu(mė)tės, lipdytis
liptis, liptis
lipuosi, liptis
lipiesi, liptis
lipasi, liptis
lipamės, liptis
lipatės, liptis
lipks, liptis
lipkitės, liptis
lipkimės, liptis
lipausi, liptis
lipaisi, liptis
liposi, liptis
lipomės, liptis
lipotės, liptis
lipdavausi, liptis
lipdavaisi, liptis
lipdavosi, liptis
lipdavomės, liptis
lipdavotės, liptis
lipsiusi, liptis
lipsisi, liptis
lipsis, liptis
lipsimės, liptis
lipsitės, liptis
lipčiausi, liptis
liptumeisi, liptis
liptųsi, liptis
liptu(mė)mės, liptis
liptu(mė)tės, liptis
liūdėtis, liūdėtis
liūdžiusi, liūdėtis
liūdisi, liūdėtis
liūdisi, liūdėtis
liūdimės, liūdėtis
liūditės, liūdėtis
liūdėks, liūdėtis
liūdėkitės, liūdėtis
liūdėkimės, liūdėtis
liūdėjausi, liūdėtis
liūdėjaisi, liūdėtis
liūdėjosi, liūdėtis
liūdėjomės, liūdėtis
liūdėjotės, liūdėtis
liūdėdavausi, liūdėtis
liūdėdavaisi, liūdėtis
liūdėdavosi, liūdėtis
liūdėdavomės, liūdėtis
liūdėdavotės, liūdėtis
liūdėsiusi, liūdėtis
liūdėsisi, liūdėtis
liūdėsis, liūdėtis
liūdėsimės, liūdėtis
liūdėsitės, liūdėtis
liūdėčiausi, liūdėtis
liūdėtumeisi, liūdėtis
liūdėtųsi, liūdėtis
liūdėtu(mė)mės, liūdėtis
liūdėtu(mė)tės, liūdėtis
liūdintis, liūdintis
liūdinuosi, liūdintis
liūdiniesi, liūdintis
liūdinasi, liūdintis
liūdinamės, liūdintis
liūdinatės, liūdintis
liūdinks, liūdintis
liūdinkitės, liūdintis
liūdinkimės, liūdintis
liūdinausi, liūdintis
liūdinaisi, liūdintis
liūdinosi, liūdintis
liūdinomės, liūdintis
liūdinotės, liūdintis
liūdindavausi, liūdintis
liūdindavaisi, liūdintis
liūdindavosi, liūdintis
liūdindavomės, liūdintis
liūdindavotės, liūdintis
liūdinsiusi, liūdintis
liūdinsisi, liūdintis
liūdinsis, liūdintis
liūdinsimės, liūdintis
liūdinsitės, liūdintis
liūdinčiausi, liūdintis
liūdintumeisi, liūdintis
liūdintųsi, liūdintis
liūdintu(mė)mės, liūdintis
liūdintu(mė)tės, liūdintis
liudytis, liudytis
liudijuosi, liudytis
liudijiesi, liudytis
liudijasi, liudytis
liudijamės, liudytis
liudijatės, liudytis
liudyks, liudytis
liudykitės, liudytis
liudykimės, liudytis
liudijausi, liudytis
liudijaisi, liudytis
liudijosi, liudytis
liudijomės, liudytis
liudijotės, liudytis
liudydavausi, liudytis
liudydavaisi, liudytis
liudydavosi, liudytis
liudydavomės, liudytis
liudydavotės, liudytis
liudysiusi, liudytis
liudysisi, liudytis
liudisis, liudytis
liudysimės, liudytis
liudysitės, liudytis
liudyčiausi, liudytis
liudytumeisi, liudytis
liudytųsi, liudytis
liudytu(mė)mės, liudytis
liudytu(mė)tės, liudytis
lopytis, lopytis
lopausi, lopytis
lopaisi, lopytis
loposi, lopytis
lopomės, lopytis
lopotės, lopytis
lopyks, lopytis
lopykitės, lopytis
lopykimės, lopytis
lopiausi, lopytis
lopeisi, lopytis
lopėsi, lopytis
lopėmės, lopytis
lopėtės, lopytis
lopydavausi, lopytis
lopydavaisi, lopytis
lopydavosi, lopytis
lopydavomės, lopytis
lopydavotės, lopytis
lopysiusi, lopytis
lopysisi, lopytis
lopysis, lopytis
lopysimės, lopytis
lopysitės, lopytis
lopyčiausi, lopytis
lopytumeisi, lopytis
lopytųsi, lopytis
lopytu(mė)mės, lopytis
lopytu(mė)tės, lopytis
loštis, loštis
lošiuosi, loštis
lošiesi, loštis
lošiasi, loštis
lošiamės, loštis
lošiatės, loštis
lošks, loštis
loškitės, loštis
loškimės, loštis
lošiausi, loštis
lošeisi, loštis
lošėsi, loštis
lošėmės, loštis
lošėtės, loštis
lošdavausi, loštis
lošdavaisi, loštis
lošdavosi, loštis
lošdavomės, loštis
lošdavotės, loštis
loššiusi, loštis
loššisi, loštis
loššis, loštis
loššimės, loštis
loššitės, loštis
loščiausi, loštis
loštumeisi, loštis
loštųsi, loštis
loštu(mė)mės, loštis
loštu(mė)tės, loštis
lotis, lotis
lojuosi, lotis
lojiesi, lotis
lojasi, lotis
lojamės, lotis
lojatės, lotis
loks, lotis
lokitės, lotis
lokimės, lotis
lojausi, lotis
lojaisi, lotis
lojosi, lotis
lojomės, lotis
lojotės, lotis
lodavausi, lotis
lodavaisi, lotis
lodavosi, lotis
lodavomės, lotis
lodavotės, lotis
losiusi, lotis
losisi, lotis
losis, lotis
losimės, lotis
lositės, lotis
ločiausi, lotis
lotumeisi, lotis
lotųsi, lotis
lotu(mė)mės, lotis
lotu(mė)tės, lotis
lukterėtis, lukterėtis
lukterėjuosi, lukterėtis
lukterėjiesi, lukterėtis
lukterėjasi, lukterėtis
lukterėjamės, lukterėtis
lukterėjatės, lukterėtis
lukterėks, lukterėtis
lukterėkitės, lukterėtis
lukterėkimės, lukterėtis
lukterėjausi, lukterėtis
lukterėjaisi, lukterėtis
lukterėjosi, lukterėtis
lukterėjomės, lukterėtis
lukterėjotės, lukterėtis
lukterėdavausi, lukterėtis
lukterėdavaisi, lukterėtis
lukterėdavosi, lukterėtis
lukterėdavomės, lukterėtis
lukterėdavotės, lukterėtis
lukterėsiusi, lukterėtis
lukterėsisi, lukterėtis
lukterėsis, lukterėtis
lukterėsimės, lukterėtis
lukterėsitės, lukterėtis
lukterėčiausi, lukterėtis
lukterėtumeisi, lukterėtis
lukterėtųsi, lukterėtis
lukterėtu(mė)mės, lukterėtis
lukterėtu(mė)tės, lukterėtis
luošintis, luošintis
luošinuosi, luošintis
luošiniesi, luošintis
luošinasi, luošintis
luošinamės, luošintis
luošinatės, luošintis
luošinks, luošintis
luošinkitės, luošintis
luošinkimės, luošintis
luošinausi, luošintis
luošinaisi, luošintis
luošinosi, luošintis
luošinomės, luošintis
luošinotės, luošintis
luošindavausi, luošintis
luošindavaisi, luošintis
luošindavosi, luošintis
luošindavomės, luošintis
luošindavotės, luošintis
luošinsiusi, luošintis
luošinsisi, luošintis
luošinsis, luošintis
luošinsimės, luošintis
luošinsitės, luošintis
luošinčiausi, luošintis
luošintumeisi, luošintis
luošintųsi, luošintis
luošintu(mė)mės, luošintis
luošintu(mė)tės, luošintis
luptis, luptis
lupuosi, luptis
lupiesi, luptis
lupasi, luptis
lupamės, luptis
lupatės, luptis
lupks, luptis
lupkitės, luptis
lupkimės, luptis
lupausi, luptis
lupaisi, luptis
luposi, luptis
lupomės, luptis
lupotės, luptis
lupdavausi, luptis
lupdavaisi, luptis
lupdavosi, luptis
lupdavomės, luptis
lupdavotės, luptis
lupsiusi, luptis
lupsisi, luptis
lupsis, luptis
lupsimės, luptis
lupsitės, luptis
lupčiausi, luptis
luptumeisi, luptis
luptųsi, luptis
luptu(mė)mės, luptis
luptu(mė)tės, luptis
lūžtis, lūžtis
lūžtuosi, lūžtis
lūžtiesi, lūžtis
lūžtasi, lūžtis
lūžtamės, lūžtis
lūžtatės, lūžtis
lūžks, lūžtis
lūžkitės, lūžtis
lūžkimės, lūžtis
lūžausi, lūžtis
lūžaisi, lūžtis
lūžosi, lūžtis
lūžomės, lūžtis
lūžotės, lūžtis
lūždavausi, lūžtis
lūždavaisi, lūžtis
lūždavosi, lūžtis
lūždavomės, lūžtis
lūždavotės, lūžtis
lūžšiusi, lūžtis
lūžšisi, lūžtis
lūžšis, lūžtis
lūžšimės, lūžtis
lūžšitės, lūžtis
lūžčiausi, lūžtis
lūžtumeisi, lūžtis
lūžtųsi, lūžtis
lūžtu(mė)mės, lūžtis
lūžtu(mė)tės, lūžtis
lydėtis, lydėtis
lydžiusi, lydėtis
lydisi, lydėtis
lydisi, lydėtis
lydimės, lydėtis
lyditės, lydėtis
lydėks, lydėtis
lydėkitės, lydėtis
lydėkimės, lydėtis
lydėjausi, lydėtis
lydėjaisi, lydėtis
lydėjosi, lydėtis
lydėjomės, lydėtis
lydėjotės, lydėtis
lydėdavausi, lydėtis
lydėdavaisi, lydėtis
lydėdavosi, lydėtis
lydėdavomės, lydėtis
lydėdavotės, lydėtis
lydėsiusi, lydėtis
lydėsisi, lydėtis
lydėsis, lydėtis
lydėsimės, lydėtis
lydėsitės, lydėtis
lydėčiausi, lydėtis
lydėtumeisi, lydėtis
lydėtųsi, lydėtis
lydėtu(mė)mės, lydėtis
lydėtu(mė)tės, lydėtis
lydytis, lydytis
lydžausi, lydytis
lydaisi, lydytis
lydosi, lydytis
lydomės, lydytis
lydotės, lydytis
lydyks, lydytis
lydykitės, lydytis
lydykimės, lydytis
lydeisi, lydytis
lydėsi, lydytis
lydėmės, lydytis
lydėtės, lydytis
lydydavausi, lydytis
lydydavaisi, lydytis
lydydavosi, lydytis
lydydavomės, lydytis
lydydavotės, lydytis
lydysiusi, lydytis
lydysisi, lydytis
lydysis, lydytis
lydysimės, lydytis
lydysitės, lydytis
lydyčiausi, lydytis
lydytumeisi, lydytis
lydytųsi, lydytis
lydytu(mė)mės, lydytis
lydytu(mė)tės, lydytis
lygintis, lygintis
lyginuosi, lygintis
lyginiesi, lygintis
lyginasi, lygintis
lyginamės, lygintis
lyginatės, lygintis
lyginks, lygintis
lyginkitės, lygintis
lyginkimės, lygintis
lyginausi, lygintis
lyginaisi, lygintis
lyginosi, lygintis
lyginomės, lygintis
lyginotės, lygintis
lygindavausi, lygintis
lygindavaisi, lygintis
lygindavosi, lygintis
lygindavomės, lygintis
lygindavotės, lygintis
lyginsiusi, lygintis
lyginsisi, lygintis
lyginsis, lygintis
lyginsimės, lygintis
lyginsitės, lygintis
lyginčiausi, lygintis
lygintumeisi, lygintis
lygintųsi, lygintis
lygintu(mė)mės, lygintis
lygintu(mė)tės, lygintis
lynotis, lynotis
lynojuosi, lynotis
lynojiesi, lynotis
lynojasi, lynotis
lynojamės, lynotis
lynojatės, lynotis
lynoks, lynotis
lynokitės, lynotis
lynokimės, lynotis
lynojausi, lynotis
lynojaisi, lynotis
lynojosi, lynotis
lynojomės, lynotis
lynojotės, lynotis
lynodavausi, lynotis
lynodavaisi, lynotis
lynodavosi, lynotis
lynodavomės, lynotis
lynodavotės, lynotis
lynosiusi, lynotis
lynosisi, lynotis
lynosis, lynotis
lynosimės, lynotis
lynositės, lynotis
lynočiausi, lynotis
lynotumeisi, lynotis
lynotųsi, lynotis
lynotu(mė)mės, lynotis
lynotu(mė)tės, lynotis
lytėtis, lytėtis
lytiusi, lytėtis
lytisi, lytėtis
lytisi, lytėtis
lytimės, lytėtis
lytitės, lytėtis
lytėks, lytėtis
lytėkitės, lytėtis
lytėkimės, lytėtis
lytėjausi, lytėtis
lytėjaisi, lytėtis
lytėjosi, lytėtis
lytėjomės, lytėtis
lytėjotės, lytėtis
lytėdavausi, lytėtis
lytėdavaisi, lytėtis
lytėdavosi, lytėtis
lytėdavomės, lytėtis
lytėdavotės, lytėtis
lytėsiusi, lytėtis
lytėsisi, lytėtis
lytėsis, lytėtis
lytėsimės, lytėtis
lytėsitės, lytėtis
lytėčiausi, lytėtis
lytėtumeisi, lytėtis
lytėtųsi, lytėtis
lytėtu(mė)mės, lytėtis
lytėtu(mė)tės, lytėtis
lytis, lytis
lyjuosi, lytis
lyjiesi, lytis
lyjasi, lytis
lyjamės, lytis
lyjatės, lytis
lyks, lytis
lykitės, lytis
lykimės, lytis
lijausi, lytis
lijaisi, lytis
lijosi, lytis
lijomės, lytis
lijotės, lytis
lydavausi, lytis
lydavaisi, lytis
lydavosi, lytis
lydavomės, lytis
lydavotės, lytis
lysiusi, lytis
lysisi, lytis
lisis, lytis
lysimės, lytis
lysitės, lytis
lyčiausi, lytis
lytumeisi, lytis
lytųsi, lytis
lytu(mė)mės, lytis
lytu(mė)tės, lytis
lyžtelėtis, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjuosi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjiesi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjasi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjamės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjatės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėks, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėkitės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėkimės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjausi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjaisi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjosi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjomės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėjotės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėdavausi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėdavaisi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėdavosi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėdavomės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėdavotės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėsiusi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėsisi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėsis, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėsimės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėsitės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėčiausi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėtumeisi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėtųsi, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėtu(mė)mės, lyžtelėtis
lyžtelėtu(mė)tės, lyžtelėtis
maigytis, maigytis
maigausi, maigytis
maigaisi, maigytis
maigosi, maigytis
maigomės, maigytis
maigotės, maigytis
maigyks, maigytis
maigykitės, maigytis
maigykimės, maigytis
maigiausi, maigytis
maigeisi, maigytis
maigėsi, maigytis
maigėmės, maigytis
maigėtės, maigytis
maigydavausi, maigytis
maigydavaisi, maigytis
maigydavosi, maigytis
maigydavomės, maigytis
maigydavotės, maigytis
maigysiusi, maigytis
maigysisi, maigytis
maigysis, maigytis
maigysimės, maigytis
maigysitės, maigytis
maigyčiausi, maigytis
maigytumeisi, maigytis
maigytųsi, maigytis
maigytu(mė)mės, maigytis
maigytu(mė)tės, maigytis
mainytis, mainytis
mainausi, mainytis
mainaisi, mainytis
mainosi, mainytis
mainomės, mainytis
mainotės, mainytis
mainyks, mainytis
mainykitės, mainytis
mainykimės, mainytis
mainiausi, mainytis
maineisi, mainytis
mainėsi, mainytis
mainėmės, mainytis
mainėtės, mainytis
mainydavausi, mainytis
mainydavaisi, mainytis
mainydavosi, mainytis
mainydavomės, mainytis
mainydavotės, mainytis
mainysiusi, mainytis
mainysisi, mainytis
mainysis, mainytis
mainysimės, mainytis
mainysitės, mainytis
mainyčiausi, mainytis
mainytumeisi, mainytis
mainytųsi, mainytis
mainytu(mė)mės, mainytis
mainytu(mė)tės, mainytis
maištautis, maištautis
maištaujuosi, maištautis
maištaujiesi, maištautis
maištaujasi, maištautis
maištaujamės, maištautis
maištaujatės, maištautis
maištauks, maištautis
maištaukitės, maištautis
maištaukimės, maištautis
maištavausi, maištautis
maištavaisi, maištautis
maištavosi, maištautis
maištavomės, maištautis
maištavotės, maištautis
maištaudavausi, maištautis
maištaudavaisi, maištautis
maištaudavosi, maištautis
maištaudavomės, maištautis
maištaudavotės, maištautis
maištausiusi, maištautis
maištausisi, maištautis
maištausis, maištautis
maištausimės, maištautis
maištausitės, maištautis
maištaučiausi, maištautis
maištautumeisi, maištautis
maištautųsi, maištautis
maištautu(mė)mės, maištautis
maištautu(mė)tės, maištautis
maišytis, maišytis
maišausi, maišytis
maišaisi, maišytis
maišosi, maišytis
maišomės, maišytis
maišotės, maišytis
maišyks, maišytis
maišykitės, maišytis
maišykimės, maišytis
maišiausi, maišytis
maišeisi, maišytis
maišėsi, maišytis
maišėmės, maišytis
maišėtės, maišytis
maišydavausi, maišytis
maišydavaisi, maišytis
maišydavosi, maišytis
maišydavomės, maišytis
maišydavotės, maišytis
maišysiusi, maišytis
maišysisi, maišytis
maišysis, maišytis
maišysimės, maišytis
maišysitės, maišytis
maišyčiausi, maišytis
maišytumeisi, maišytis
maišytųsi, maišytis
maišytu(mė)mės, maišytis
maišytu(mė)tės, maišytis
maitintis, maitintis
maitinuosi, maitintis
maitiniesi, maitintis
maitinasi, maitintis
maitinamės, maitintis
maitinatės, maitintis
maitinks, maitintis
maitinkitės, maitintis
maitinkimės, maitintis
maitinausi, maitintis
maitinaisi, maitintis
maitinosi, maitintis
maitinomės, maitintis
maitinotės, maitintis
maitindavausi, maitintis
maitindavaisi, maitintis
maitindavosi, maitintis
maitindavomės, maitintis
maitindavotės, maitintis
maitinsiusi, maitintis
maitinsisi, maitintis
maitinsis, maitintis
maitinsimės, maitintis
maitinsitės, maitintis
maitinčiausi, maitintis
maitintumeisi, maitintis
maitintųsi, maitintis
maitintu(mė)mės, maitintis
maitintu(mė)tės, maitintis
maldautis, maldautis
maldaujuosi, maldautis
maldaujiesi, maldautis
maldaujasi, maldautis
maldaujamės, maldautis
maldaujatės, maldautis
maldauks, maldautis
maldaukitės, maldautis
maldaukimės, maldautis
maldavausi, maldautis
maldavaisi, maldautis
maldavosi, maldautis
maldavomės, maldautis
maldavotės, maldautis
maldaudavausi, maldautis
maldaudavaisi, maldautis
maldaudavosi, maldautis
maldaudavomės, maldautis
maldaudavotės, maldautis
maldausiusi, maldautis
maldausisi, maldautis
maldausis, maldautis
maldausimės, maldautis
maldausitės, maldautis
maldaučiausi, maldautis
maldautumeisi, maldautis
maldautųsi, maldautis
maldautu(mė)mės, maldautis
maldautu(mė)tės, maldautis
maldytis, maldytis
maldžausi, maldytis
maldaisi, maldytis
maldosi, maldytis
maldomės, maldytis
maldotės, maldytis
maldyks, maldytis
maldykitės, maldytis
maldykimės, maldytis
maldeisi, maldytis
maldėsi, maldytis
maldėmės, maldytis
maldėtės, maldytis
maldydavausi, maldytis
maldydavaisi, maldytis
maldydavosi, maldytis
maldydavomės, maldytis
maldydavotės, maldytis
maldysiusi, maldytis
maldysisi, maldytis
maldysis, maldytis
maldysimės, maldytis
maldysitės, maldytis
maldyčiausi, maldytis
maldytumeisi, maldytis
maldytųsi, maldytis
maldytu(mė)mės, maldytis
maldytu(mė)tės, maldytis
malonėtis, malonėtis
malonėjuosi, malonėtis
malonėjiesi, malonėtis
malonėjasi, malonėtis
malonėjamės, malonėtis
malonėjatės, malonėtis
malonėks, malonėtis
malonėkitės, malonėtis
malonėkimės, malonėtis
malonėjausi, malonėtis
malonėjaisi, malonėtis
malonėjosi, malonėtis
malonėjomės, malonėtis
malonėjotės, malonėtis
malonėdavausi, malonėtis
malonėdavaisi, malonėtis
malonėdavosi, malonėtis
malonėdavomės, malonėtis
malonėdavotės, malonėtis
malonėsiusi, malonėtis
malonėsisi, malonėtis
malonėsis, malonėtis
malonėsimės, malonėtis
malonėsitės, malonėtis
malonėčiausi, malonėtis
malonėtumeisi, malonėtis
malonėtųsi, malonėtis
malonėtu(mė)mės, malonėtis
malonėtu(mė)tės, malonėtis
malšintis, malšintis
malšinuosi, malšintis
malšiniesi, malšintis
malšinasi, malšintis
malšinamės, malšintis
malšinatės, malšintis
malšinks, malšintis
malšinkitės, malšintis
malšinkimės, malšintis
malšinausi, malšintis
malšinaisi, malšintis
malšinosi, malšintis
malšinomės, malšintis
malšinotės, malšintis
malšindavausi, malšintis
malšindavaisi, malšintis
malšindavosi, malšintis
malšindavomės, malšintis
malšindavotės, malšintis
malšinsiusi, malšintis
malšinsisi, malšintis
malšinsis, malšintis
malšinsimės, malšintis
malšinsitės, malšintis
malšinčiausi, malšintis
malšintumeisi, malšintis
malšintųsi, malšintis
malšintu(mė)mės, malšintis
malšintu(mė)tės, malšintis
maltis, maltis
maluosi, maltis
maliesi, maltis
malasi, maltis
malamės, maltis
malatės, maltis
malks, maltis
malkitės, maltis
malkimės, maltis
maliausi, maltis
maleisi, maltis
malėsi, maltis
malėmės, maltis
malėtės, maltis
maldavausi, maltis
maldavaisi, maltis
maldavosi, maltis
maldavomės, maltis
maldavotės, maltis
malsiusi, maltis
malsisi, maltis
malsis, maltis
malsimės, maltis
malsitės, maltis
malčiausi, maltis
maltumeisi, maltis
maltųsi, maltis
maltu(mė)mės, maltis
maltu(mė)tės, maltis
manipuliuotis, manipuliuotis
manipuliuojuosi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuojiesi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuojasi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuojamės, manipuliuotis
manipuliuojatės, manipuliuotis
manipuliuoks, manipuliuotis
manipuliuokitės, manipuliuotis
manipuliuokimės, manipuliuotis
manipuliavausi, manipuliuotis
manipuliavaisi, manipuliuotis
manipuliavosi, manipuliuotis
manipuliavomės, manipuliuotis
manipuliavotės, manipuliuotis
manipuliuodavausi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuodavaisi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuodavosi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuodavomės, manipuliuotis
manipuliuodavotės, manipuliuotis
manipuliuosiusi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuosisi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuosis, manipuliuotis
manipuliuosimės, manipuliuotis
manipuliuositės, manipuliuotis
manipuliuočiausi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuotumeisi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuotųsi, manipuliuotis
manipuliuotu(mė)mės, manipuliuotis
manipuliuotu(mė)tės, manipuliuotis
mankštintis, mankštintis
mankštinuosi, mankštintis
mankštiniesi, mankštintis
mankštinasi, mankštintis
mankštinamės, mankštintis
mankštinatės, mankštintis
mankštinks, mankštintis
mankštinkitės, mankštintis
mankštinkimės, mankštintis
mankštinausi, mankštintis
mankštinaisi, mankštintis
mankštinosi, mankštintis
mankštinomės, mankštintis
mankštinotės, mankštintis
mankštindavausi, mankštintis
mankštindavaisi, mankštintis
mankštindavosi, mankštintis
mankštindavomės, mankštintis
mankštindavotės, mankštintis
mankštinsiusi, mankštintis
mankštinsisi, mankštintis
mankštinsis, mankštintis
mankštinsimės, mankštintis
mankštinsitės, mankštintis
mankštinčiausi, mankštintis
mankštintumeisi, mankštintis
mankštintųsi, mankštintis
mankštintu(mė)mės, mankštintis
mankštintu(mė)tės, mankštintis
manytis, manytis
manausi, manytis
manaisi, manytis
manosi, manytis
manomės, manytis
manotės, manytis
manyks, manytis
manykitės, manytis
manykimės, manytis
maniausi, manytis
maneisi, manytis
manėsi, manytis
manėmės, manytis
manėtės, manytis
manydavausi, manytis
manydavaisi, manytis
manydavosi, manytis
manydavomės, manytis
manydavotės, manytis
manysiusi, manytis
manysisi, manytis
manysis, manytis
manysimės, manytis
manysitės, manytis
manyčiausi, manytis
manytumeisi, manytis
manytųsi, manytis
manytu(mė)mės, manytis
manytu(mė)tės, manytis
margintis, margintis
marginuosi, margintis
marginiesi, margintis
marginasi, margintis
marginamės, margintis
marginatės, margintis
marginks, margintis
marginkitės, margintis
marginkimės, margintis
marginausi, margintis
marginaisi, margintis
marginosi, margintis
marginomės, margintis
marginotės, margintis
margindavausi, margintis
margindavaisi, margintis
margindavosi, margintis
margindavomės, margintis
margindavotės, margintis
marginsiusi, margintis
marginsisi, margintis
marginsis, margintis
marginsimės, margintis
marginsitės, margintis
marginčiausi, margintis
margintumeisi, margintis
margintųsi, margintis
margintu(mė)mės, margintis
margintu(mė)tės, margintis
marguliuotis, marguliuotis
marguliuojuosi, marguliuotis
marguliuojiesi, marguliuotis
marguliuojasi, marguliuotis
marguliuojamės, marguliuotis
marguliuojatės, marguliuotis
marguliuoks, marguliuotis
marguliuokitės, marguliuotis
marguliuokimės, marguliuotis
marguliavausi, marguliuotis
marguliavaisi, marguliuotis
marguliavosi, marguliuotis
marguliavomės, marguliuotis
marguliavotės, marguliuotis
marguliuodavausi, marguliuotis
marguliuodavaisi, marguliuotis
marguliuodavosi, marguliuotis
marguliuodavomės, marguliuotis
marguliuodavotės, marguliuotis
marguliuosiusi, marguliuotis
marguliuosisi, marguliuotis
marguliuosis, marguliuotis
marguliuosimės, marguliuotis
marguliuositės, marguliuotis
marguliuočiausi, marguliuotis
marguliuotumeisi, marguliuotis
marguliuotųsi, marguliuotis
marguliuotu(mė)mės, marguliuotis
marguliuotu(mė)tės, marguliuotis
marguotis, marguotis
marguojuosi, marguotis
marguojiesi, marguotis
marguojasi, marguotis
marguojamės, marguotis
marguojatės, marguotis
marguoks, marguotis
marguokitės, marguotis
marguokimės, marguotis
margavausi, marguotis
margavaisi, marguotis
margavosi, marguotis
margavomės, marguotis
margavotės, marguotis
marguodavausi, marguotis
marguodavaisi, marguotis
marguodavosi, marguotis
marguodavomės, marguotis
marguodavotės, marguotis
marguosiusi, marguotis
marguosisi, marguotis
marguosis, marguotis
marguosimės, marguotis
marguositės, marguotis
marguočiausi, marguotis
marguotumeisi, marguotis
marguotųsi, marguotis
marguotu(mė)mės, marguotis
marguotu(mė)tės, marguotis
marintis, marintis
marinuosi, marintis
mariniesi, marintis
marinasi, marintis
marinamės, marintis
marinatės, marintis
marinks, marintis
marinkitės, marintis
marinkimės, marintis
marinausi, marintis
marinaisi, marintis
marinosi, marintis
marinomės, marintis
marinotės, marintis
marindavausi, marintis
marindavaisi, marintis
marindavosi, marintis
marindavomės, marintis
marindavotės, marintis
marinsiusi, marintis
marinsisi, marintis
marinsis, marintis
marinsimės, marintis
marinsitės, marintis
marinčiausi, marintis
marintumeisi, marintis
marintųsi, marintis
marintu(mė)mės, marintis
marintu(mė)tės, marintis
marinuotis, marinuotis
marinuojuosi, marinuotis
marinuojiesi, marinuotis
marinuojasi, marinuotis
marinuojamės, marinuotis
marinuojatės, marinuotis
marinuoks, marinuotis
marinuokitės, marinuotis
marinuokimės, marinuotis
marinavausi, marinuotis
marinavaisi, marinuotis
marinavosi, marinuotis
marinavomės, marinuotis
marinavotės, marinuotis
marinuodavausi, marinuotis
marinuodavaisi, marinuotis
marinuodavosi, marinuotis
marinuodavomės, marinuotis
marinuodavotės, marinuotis
marinuosiusi, marinuotis
marinuosisi, marinuotis
marinuosis, marinuotis
marinuosimės, marinuotis
marinuositės, marinuotis
marinuočiausi, marinuotis
marinuotumeisi, marinuotis
marinuotųsi, marinuotis
marinuotu(mė)mės, marinuotis
marinuotu(mė)tės, marinuotis
masažuotis, masažuotis
masažuojuosi, masažuotis
masažuojiesi, masažuotis
masažuojasi, masažuotis
masažuojamės, masažuotis
masažuojatės, masažuotis
masažuoks, masažuotis
masažuokitės, masažuotis
masažuokimės, masažuotis
masažavausi, masažuotis
masažavaisi, masažuotis
masažavosi, masažuotis
masažavomės, masažuotis
masažavotės, masažuotis
masažuodavausi, masažuotis
masažuodavaisi, masažuotis
masažuodavosi, masažuotis
masažuodavomės, masažuotis
masažuodavotės, masažuotis
masažuosiusi, masažuotis
masažuosisi, masažuotis
masažuosis, masažuotis
masažuosimės, masažuotis
masažuositės, masažuotis
masažuočiausi, masažuotis
masažuotumeisi, masažuotis
masažuotųsi, masažuotis
masažuotu(mė)mės, masažuotis
masažuotu(mė)tės, masažuotis
maskatuotis, maskatuotis
maskatuojuosi, maskatuotis
maskatuojiesi, maskatuotis
maskatuojasi, maskatuotis
maskatuojamės, maskatuotis
maskatuojatės, maskatuotis
maskatuoks, maskatuotis
maskatuokitės, maskatuotis
maskatuokimės, maskatuotis
maskatavausi, maskatuotis
maskatavaisi, maskatuotis
maskatavosi, maskatuotis
maskatavomės, maskatuotis
maskatavotės, maskatuotis
maskatuodavausi, maskatuotis
maskatuodavaisi, maskatuotis
maskatuodavosi, maskatuotis
maskatuodavomės, maskatuotis
maskatuodavotės, maskatuotis
maskatuosiusi, maskatuotis
maskatuosisi, maskatuotis
maskatuosis, maskatuotis
maskatuosimės, maskatuotis
maskatuositės, maskatuotis
maskatuočiausi, maskatuotis
maskatuotumeisi, maskatuotis
maskatuotųsi, maskatuotis
maskatuotu(mė)mės, maskatuotis
maskatuotu(mė)tės, maskatuotis
mąstytis, mąstytis
mąstausi, mąstytis
mąstaisi, mąstytis
mąstosi, mąstytis
mąstomės, mąstytis
mąstotės, mąstytis
mąstyks, mąstytis
mąstykitės, mąstytis
mąstykimės, mąstytis
mąsteisi, mąstytis
mąstėsi, mąstytis
mąstėmės, mąstytis
mąstėtės, mąstytis
mąstydavausi, mąstytis
mąstydavaisi, mąstytis
mąstydavosi, mąstytis
mąstydavomės, mąstytis
mąstydavotės, mąstytis
mąstysiusi, mąstytis
mąstysisi, mąstytis
mąstysis, mąstytis
mąstysimės, mąstytis
mąstysitės, mąstytis
mąstyčiausi, mąstytis
mąstytumeisi, mąstytis
mąstytųsi, mąstytis
mąstytu(mė)mės, mąstytis
mąstytu(mė)tės, mąstytis
mąsytis, mąsytis
mąstausi, mąsytis
mąstaisi, mąsytis
mąstosi, mąsytis
mąstomės, mąsytis
mąstotės, mąsytis
mąsyks, mąsytis
mąsykitės, mąsytis
mąsykimės, mąsytis
mąsteisi, mąsytis
mąstėsi, mąsytis
mąstėmės, mąsytis
mąstėtės, mąsytis
mąsydavausi, mąsytis
mąsydavaisi, mąsytis
mąsydavosi, mąsytis
mąsydavomės, mąsytis
mąsydavotės, mąsytis
mąsysiusi, mąsytis
mąsysisi, mąsytis
mąsysis, mąsytis
mąsysimės, mąsytis
mąsysitės, mąsytis
mąsyčiausi, mąsytis
mąsytumeisi, mąsytis
mąsytųsi, mąsytis
mąsytu(mė)mės, mąsytis
mąsytu(mė)tės, mąsytis
maudytis, maudytis
maudžausi, maudytis
maudaisi, maudytis
maudosi, maudytis
maudomės, maudytis
maudotės, maudytis
maudyks, maudytis
maudykitės, maudytis
maudykimės, maudytis
maudeisi, maudytis
maudėsi, maudytis
maudėmės, maudytis
maudėtės, maudytis
maudydavausi, maudytis
maudydavaisi, maudytis
maudydavosi, maudytis
maudydavomės, maudytis
maudydavotės, maudytis
maudysiusi, maudytis
maudysisi, maudytis
maudysis, maudytis
maudysimės, maudytis
maudysitės, maudytis
maudyčiausi, maudytis
maudytumeisi, maudytis
maudytųsi, maudytis
maudytu(mė)mės, maudytis
maudytu(mė)tės, maudytis
mautis, mautis
maunuosi, mautis
mauniesi, mautis
maunasi, mautis
maunamės, mautis
maunatės, mautis
mauks, mautis
maukitės, mautis
maukimės, mautis
moviausi, mautis
moveisi, mautis
movėsi, mautis
movėmės, mautis
movėtės, mautis
maudavausi, mautis
maudavaisi, mautis
maudavosi, mautis
maudavomės, mautis
maudavotės, mautis
mausiusi, mautis
mausisi, mautis
mausis, mautis
mausimės, mautis
mausitės, mautis
maučiausi, mautis
mautumeisi, mautis
mautųsi, mautis
mautu(mė)mės, mautis
mautu(mė)tės, mautis
mažėtis, mažėtis
mažėjuosi, mažėtis
mažėjiesi, mažėtis
mažėjasi, mažėtis
mažėjamės, mažėtis
mažėjatės, mažėtis
mažėks, mažėtis
mažėkitės, mažėtis
mažėkimės, mažėtis
mažėjausi, mažėtis
mažėjaisi, mažėtis
mažėjosi, mažėtis
mažėjomės, mažėtis
mažėjotės, mažėtis
mažėdavausi, mažėtis
mažėdavaisi, mažėtis
mažėdavosi, mažėtis
mažėdavomės, mažėtis
mažėdavotės, mažėtis
mažėsiusi, mažėtis
mažėsisi, mažėtis
mažėsis, mažėtis
mažėsimės, mažėtis
mažėsitės, mažėtis
mažėčiausi, mažėtis
mažėtumeisi, mažėtis
mažėtųsi, mažėtis
mažėtu(mė)mės, mažėtis
mažėtu(mė)tės, mažėtis
mazgotis, mazgotis
mazgojuosi, mazgotis
mazgojiesi, mazgotis
mazgojasi, mazgotis
mazgojamės, mazgotis
mazgojatės, mazgotis
mazgoks, mazgotis
mazgokitės, mazgotis
mazgokimės, mazgotis
mazgojausi, mazgotis
mazgojaisi, mazgotis
mazgojosi, mazgotis
mazgojomės, mazgotis
mazgojotės, mazgotis
mazgodavausi, mazgotis
mazgodavaisi, mazgotis
mazgodavosi, mazgotis
mazgodavomės, mazgotis
mazgodavotės, mazgotis
mazgosiusi, mazgotis
mazgosisi, mazgotis
mazgosis, mazgotis
mazgosimės, mazgotis
mazgositės, mazgotis
mazgočiausi, mazgotis
mazgotumeisi, mazgotis
mazgotųsi, mazgotis
mazgotu(mė)mės, mazgotis
mazgotu(mė)tės, mazgotis
mažintis, mažintis
mažinuosi, mažintis
mažiniesi, mažintis
mažinasi, mažintis
mažinamės, mažintis
mažinatės, mažintis
mažinks, mažintis
mažinkitės, mažintis
mažinkimės, mažintis
mažinausi, mažintis
mažinaisi, mažintis
mažinosi, mažintis
mažinomės, mažintis
mažinotės, mažintis
mažindavausi, mažintis
mažindavaisi, mažintis
mažindavosi, mažintis
mažindavomės, mažintis
mažindavotės, mažintis
mažinsiusi, mažintis
mažinsisi, mažintis
mažinsis, mažintis
mažinsimės, mažintis
mažinsitės, mažintis
mažinčiausi, mažintis
mažintumeisi, mažintis
mažintųsi, mažintis
mažintu(mė)mės, mažintis
mažintu(mė)tės, mažintis
medituotis, medituotis
medituojuosi, medituotis
medituojiesi, medituotis
medituojasi, medituotis
medituojamės, medituotis
medituojatės, medituotis
medituoks, medituotis
medituokitės, medituotis
medituokimės, medituotis
meditavausi, medituotis
meditavaisi, medituotis
meditavosi, medituotis
meditavomės, medituotis
meditavotės, medituotis
medituodavausi, medituotis
medituodavaisi, medituotis
medituodavosi, medituotis
medituodavomės, medituotis
medituodavotės, medituotis
medituosiusi, medituotis
medituosisi, medituotis
medituosis, medituotis
medituosimės, medituotis
medituositės, medituotis
medituočiausi, medituotis
medituotumeisi, medituotis
medituotųsi, medituotis
medituotu(mė)mės, medituotis
medituotu(mė)tės, medituotis
medžiotis, medžiotis
medžiojuosi, medžiotis
medžiojiesi, medžiotis
medžiojasi, medžiotis
medžiojamės, medžiotis
medžiojatės, medžiotis
medžioks, medžiotis
medžiokitės, medžiotis
medžiokimės, medžiotis
medžiojausi, medžiotis
medžiojaisi, medžiotis
medžiojosi, medžiotis
medžiojomės, medžiotis
medžiojotės, medžiotis
medžiodavausi, medžiotis
medžiodavaisi, medžiotis
medžiodavosi, medžiotis
medžiodavomės, medžiotis
medžiodavotės, medžiotis
medžiosiusi, medžiotis
medžiosisi, medžiotis
medžiosis, medžiotis
medžiosimės, medžiotis
medžiositės, medžiotis
medžiočiausi, medžiotis
medžiotumeisi, medžiotis
medžiotųsi, medžiotis
medžiotu(mė)mės, medžiotis
medžiotu(mė)tės, medžiotis
mėgdžiotis, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojuosi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojiesi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojasi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojamės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojatės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžioks, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiokitės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiokimės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojausi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojaisi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojosi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojomės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiojotės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiodavausi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiodavaisi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiodavosi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiodavomės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiodavotės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiosiusi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiosisi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiosis, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiosimės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiositės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiočiausi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiotumeisi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiotųsi, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiotu(mė)mės, mėgdžiotis
mėgdžiotu(mė)tės, mėgdžiotis
mėgintis, mėgintis
mėginuosi, mėgintis
mėginiesi, mėgintis
mėginasi, mėgintis
mėginamės, mėgintis
mėginatės, mėgintis
mėginks, mėgintis
mėginkitės, mėgintis
mėginkimės, mėgintis
mėginausi, mėgintis
mėginaisi, mėgintis
mėginosi, mėgintis
mėginomės, mėgintis
mėginotės, mėgintis
mėgindavausi, mėgintis
mėgindavaisi, mėgintis
mėgindavosi, mėgintis
mėgindavomės, mėgintis
mėgindavotės, mėgintis
mėginsiusi, mėgintis
mėginsisi, mėgintis
mėginsis, mėgintis
mėginsimės, mėgintis
mėginsitės, mėgintis
mėginčiausi, mėgintis
mėgintumeisi, mėgintis
mėgintųsi, mėgintis
mėgintu(mė)mės, mėgintis
mėgintu(mė)tės, mėgintis
mėgtis, mėgtis
mėgstuosi, mėgtis
mėgstiesi, mėgtis
mėgstasi, mėgtis
mėgstamės, mėgtis
mėgstatės, mėgtis
mėks, mėgtis
mėkitės, mėgtis
mėkimės, mėgtis
mėgausi, mėgtis
mėgaisi, mėgtis
mėgosi, mėgtis
mėgomės, mėgtis
mėgotės, mėgtis
mėgdavausi, mėgtis
mėgdavaisi, mėgtis
mėgdavosi, mėgtis
mėgdavomės, mėgtis
mėgdavotės, mėgtis
mėgsiusi, mėgtis
mėgsisi, mėgtis
mėgsis, mėgtis
mėgsimės, mėgtis
mėgsitės, mėgtis
mėgčiausi, mėgtis
mėgtumeisi, mėgtis
mėgtųsi, mėgtis
mėgtu(mė)mės, mėgtis
mėgtu(mė)tės, mėgtis
megztis, megztis
mezguosi, megztis
mezgiesi, megztis
mezgasi, megztis
mezgamės, megztis
mezgatės, megztis
megzks, megztis
megzkitės, megztis
megzkimės, megztis
mezgiausi, megztis
mezgeisi, megztis
mezgėsi, megztis
mezgėmės, megztis
mezgėtės, megztis
megzdavausi, megztis
megzdavaisi, megztis
megzdavosi, megztis
megzdavomės, megztis
megzdavotės, megztis
megzsiusi, megztis
megzsisi, megztis
megzsis, megztis
megzsimės, megztis
megzsitės, megztis
megzčiausi, megztis
megztumeisi, megztis
megztųsi, megztis
megztu(mė)mės, megztis
megztu(mė)tės, megztis
meilikautis, meilikautis
meilikaujuosi, meilikautis
meilikaujiesi, meilikautis
meilikaujasi, meilikautis
meilikaujamės, meilikautis
meilikaujatės, meilikautis
meilikauks, meilikautis
meilikaukitės, meilikautis
meilikaukimės, meilikautis
meilikavausi, meilikautis
meilikavaisi, meilikautis
meilikavosi, meilikautis
meilikavomės, meilikautis
meilikavotės, meilikautis
meilikaudavausi, meilikautis
meilikaudavaisi, meilikautis
meilikaudavosi, meilikautis
meilikaudavomės, meilikautis
meilikaudavotės, meilikautis
meilikausiusi, meilikautis
meilikausisi, meilikautis
meilikausis, meilikautis
meilikausimės, meilikautis
meilikausitės, meilikautis
meilikaučiausi, meilikautis
meilikautumeisi, meilikautis
meilikautųsi, meilikautis
meilikautu(mė)mės, meilikautis
meilikautu(mė)tės, meilikautis
melstis, melstis
meldžiuosi, melstis
meldžiesi, melstis
meldžiasi, melstis
meldžiamės, melstis
meldžiatės, melstis
melsks, melstis
melskitės, melstis
melskimės, melstis
meldeisi, melstis
meldėsi, melstis
meldėmės, melstis
meldėtės, melstis
melsdavausi, melstis
melsdavaisi, melstis
melsdavosi, melstis
melsdavomės, melstis
melsdavotės, melstis
melsiusi, melstis
melsisi, melstis
melsis, melstis
melsimės, melstis
melsitės, melstis
melsčiausi, melstis
melstumeisi, melstis
melstųsi, melstis
melstu(mė)mės, melstis
melstu(mė)tės, melstis
melsvintis, melsvintis
melsvinuosi, melsvintis
melsviniesi, melsvintis
melsvinasi, melsvintis
melsvinamės, melsvintis
melsvinatės, melsvintis
melsvinks, melsvintis
melsvinkitės, melsvintis
melsvinkimės, melsvintis
melsvinausi, melsvintis
melsvinaisi, melsvintis
melsvinosi, melsvintis
melsvinomės, melsvintis
melsvinotės, melsvintis
melsvindavausi, melsvintis
melsvindavaisi, melsvintis
melsvindavosi, melsvintis
melsvindavomės, melsvintis
melsvindavotės, melsvintis
melsvinsiusi, melsvintis
melsvinsisi, melsvintis
melsvinsis, melsvintis
melsvinsimės, melsvintis
melsvinsitės, melsvintis
melsvinčiausi, melsvintis
melsvintumeisi, melsvintis
melsvintųsi, melsvintis
melsvintu(mė)mės, melsvintis
melsvintu(mė)tės, melsvintis
meluotis, meluotis
meluojuosi, meluotis
meluojiesi, meluotis
meluojasi, meluotis
meluojamės, meluotis
meluojatės, meluotis
meluoks, meluotis
meluokitės, meluotis
meluokimės, meluotis
melavausi, meluotis
melavaisi, meluotis
melavosi, meluotis
melavomės, meluotis
melavotės, meluotis
meluodavausi, meluotis
meluodavaisi, meluotis
meluodavosi, meluotis
meluodavomės, meluotis
meluodavotės, meluotis
meluosiusi, meluotis
meluosisi, meluotis
meluosis, meluotis
meluosimės, meluotis
meluositės, meluotis
meluočiausi, meluotis
meluotumeisi, meluotis
meluotųsi, meluotis
meluotu(mė)mės, meluotis
meluotu(mė)tės, meluotis
mėlynėtis, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjuosi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjiesi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjasi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjamės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjatės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėks, mėlynėtis
mėlynėkitės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėkimės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjausi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjaisi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjosi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjomės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėjotės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėdavausi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėdavaisi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėdavosi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėdavomės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėdavotės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėsiusi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėsisi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėsis, mėlynėtis
mėlynėsimės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėsitės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėčiausi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėtumeisi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėtųsi, mėlynėtis
mėlynėtu(mė)mės, mėlynėtis
mėlynėtu(mė)tės, mėlynėtis
mėlynintis, mėlynintis
mėlyninuosi, mėlynintis
mėlyniniesi, mėlynintis
mėlyninasi, mėlynintis
mėlyninamės, mėlynintis
mėlyninatės, mėlynintis
mėlyninks, mėlynintis
mėlyninkitės, mėlynintis
mėlyninkimės, mėlynintis
mėlyninausi, mėlynintis
mėlyninaisi, mėlynintis
mėlyninosi, mėlynintis
mėlyninomės, mėlynintis
mėlyninotės, mėlynintis
mėlynindavausi, mėlynintis
mėlynindavaisi, mėlynintis
mėlynindavosi, mėlynintis
mėlynindavomės, mėlynintis
mėlynindavotės, mėlynintis
mėlyninsiusi, mėlynintis
mėlyninsisi, mėlynintis
mėlyninsis, mėlynintis
mėlyninsimės, mėlynintis
mėlyninsitės, mėlynintis
mėlyninčiausi, mėlynintis
mėlynintumeisi, mėlynintis
mėlynintųsi, mėlynintis
mėlynintu(mė)mės, mėlynintis
mėlynintu(mė)tės, mėlynintis
mėlynuotis, mėlynuotis
mėlynuojuosi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuojiesi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuojasi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuojamės, mėlynuotis
mėlynuojatės, mėlynuotis
mėlynuoks, mėlynuotis
mėlynuokitės, mėlynuotis
mėlynuokimės, mėlynuotis
mėlynavausi, mėlynuotis
mėlynavaisi, mėlynuotis
mėlynavosi, mėlynuotis
mėlynavomės, mėlynuotis
mėlynavotės, mėlynuotis
mėlynuodavausi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuodavaisi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuodavosi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuodavomės, mėlynuotis
mėlynuodavotės, mėlynuotis
mėlynuosiusi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuosisi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuosis, mėlynuotis
mėlynuosimės, mėlynuotis
mėlynuositės, mėlynuotis
mėlynuočiausi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuotumeisi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuotųsi, mėlynuotis
mėlynuotu(mė)mės, mėlynuotis
mėlynuotu(mė)tės, mėlynuotis
melžtis, melžtis
melžiuosi, melžtis
melžiesi, melžtis
melžiasi, melžtis
melžiamės, melžtis
melžiatės, melžtis
melžks, melžtis
melžkitės, melžtis
melžkimės, melžtis
melžiausi, melžtis
melžeisi, melžtis
melžėsi, melžtis
melžėmės, melžtis
melžėtės, melžtis
melždavausi, melžtis
melždavaisi, melžtis
melždavosi, melžtis
melždavomės, melžtis
melždavotės, melžtis
melžšiusi, melžtis
melžšisi, melžtis
melžšis, melžtis
melžšimės, melžtis
melžšitės, melžtis
melžčiausi, melžtis
melžtumeisi, melžtis
melžtųsi, melžtis
melžtu(mė)mės, melžtis
melžtu(mė)tės, melžtis
menkėtis, menkėtis
menkėjuosi, menkėtis
menkėjiesi, menkėtis
menkėjasi, menkėtis
menkėjamės, menkėtis
menkėjatės, menkėtis
menkėks, menkėtis
menkėkitės, menkėtis
menkėkimės, menkėtis
menkėjausi, menkėtis
menkėjaisi, menkėtis
menkėjosi, menkėtis
menkėjomės, menkėtis
menkėjotės, menkėtis
menkėdavausi, menkėtis
menkėdavaisi, menkėtis
menkėdavosi, menkėtis
menkėdavomės, menkėtis
menkėdavotės, menkėtis
menkėsiusi, menkėtis
menkėsisi, menkėtis
menkėsis, menkėtis
menkėsimės, menkėtis
menkėsitės, menkėtis
menkėčiausi, menkėtis
menkėtumeisi, menkėtis
menkėtųsi, menkėtis
menkėtu(mė)mės, menkėtis
menkėtu(mė)tės, menkėtis
menkintis, menkintis
menkinuosi, menkintis
menkiniesi, menkintis
menkinasi, menkintis
menkinamės, menkintis
menkinatės, menkintis
menkinks, menkintis
menkinkitės, menkintis
menkinkimės, menkintis
menkinausi, menkintis
menkinaisi, menkintis
menkinosi, menkintis
menkinomės, menkintis
menkinotės, menkintis
menkindavausi, menkintis
menkindavaisi, menkintis
menkindavosi, menkintis
menkindavomės, menkintis
menkindavotės, menkintis
menkinsiusi, menkintis
menkinsisi, menkintis
menkinsis, menkintis
menkinsimės, menkintis
menkinsitės, menkintis
menkinčiausi, menkintis
menkintumeisi, menkintis
menkintųsi, menkintis
menkintu(mė)mės, menkintis
menkintu(mė)tės, menkintis
merktis, merktis
merkiuosi, merktis
merkiesi, merktis
merkiasi, merktis
merkiamės, merktis
merkiatės, merktis
merks, merktis
merkitės, merktis
merkimės, merktis
merkiausi, merktis
merkeisi, merktis
merkėsi, merktis
merkėmės, merktis
merkėtės, merktis
merkdavausi, merktis
merkdavaisi, merktis
merkdavosi, merktis
merkdavomės, merktis
merkdavotės, merktis
merksiusi, merktis
merksisi, merktis
merksis, merktis
merksimės, merktis
merksitės, merktis
merkčiausi, merktis
merktumeisi, merktis
merktųsi, merktis
merktu(mė)mės, merktis
merktu(mė)tės, merktis
meškeriotis, meškeriotis
meškeriojuosi, meškeriotis
meškeriojiesi, meškeriotis
meškeriojasi, meškeriotis
meškeriojamės, meškeriotis
meškeriojatės, meškeriotis
meškerioks, meškeriotis
meškeriokitės, meškeriotis
meškeriokimės, meškeriotis
meškeriojausi, meškeriotis
meškeriojaisi, meškeriotis
meškeriojosi, meškeriotis
meškeriojomės, meškeriotis
meškeriojotės, meškeriotis
meškeriodavausi, meškeriotis
meškeriodavaisi, meškeriotis
meškeriodavosi, meškeriotis
meškeriodavomės, meškeriotis
meškeriodavotės, meškeriotis
meškeriosiusi, meškeriotis
meškeriosisi, meškeriotis
meškeriosis, meškeriotis
meškeriosimės, meškeriotis
meškeriositės, meškeriotis
meškeriočiausi, meškeriotis
meškeriotumeisi, meškeriotis
meškeriotųsi, meškeriotis
meškeriotu(mė)mės, meškeriotis
meškeriotu(mė)tės, meškeriotis
mestis, mestis
metuosi, mestis
metiesi, mestis
metasi, mestis
metamės, mestis
metatės, mestis
mesks, mestis
meskitės, mestis
meskimės, mestis
meteisi, mestis
metėsi, mestis
metėmės, mestis
metėtės, mestis
mesdavausi, mestis
mesdavaisi, mestis
mesdavosi, mestis
mesdavomės, mestis
mesdavotės, mestis
mesiusi, mestis
mesisi, mestis
mesis, mestis
mesimės, mestis
mesitės, mestis
mesčiausi, mestis
mestumeisi, mestis
mestųsi, mestis
mestu(mė)mės, mestis
mestu(mė)tės, mestis
mėtytis, mėtytis
mėtausi, mėtytis
mėtaisi, mėtytis
mėtosi, mėtytis
mėtomės, mėtytis
mėtotės, mėtytis
mėtyks, mėtytis
mėtykitės, mėtytis
mėtykimės, mėtytis
mėteisi, mėtytis
mėtėsi, mėtytis
mėtėmės, mėtytis
mėtėtės, mėtytis
mėtydavausi, mėtytis
mėtydavaisi, mėtytis
mėtydavosi, mėtytis
mėtydavomės, mėtytis
mėtydavotės, mėtytis
mėtysiusi, mėtytis
mėtysisi, mėtytis
mėtysis, mėtytis
mėtysimės, mėtytis
mėtysitės, mėtytis
mėtyčiausi, mėtytis
mėtytumeisi, mėtytis
mėtytųsi, mėtytis
mėtytu(mė)mės, mėtytis
mėtytu(mė)tės, mėtytis
mezgtis, mezgtis
mezguosi, mezgtis
mezgiesi, mezgtis
mezgasi, mezgtis
mezgamės, mezgtis
mezgatės, mezgtis
mezks, mezgtis
mezkitės, mezgtis
mezkimės, mezgtis
mezgiausi, mezgtis
mezgeisi, mezgtis
mezgėsi, mezgtis
mezgėmės, mezgtis
mezgėtės, mezgtis
mezgdavausi, mezgtis
mezgdavaisi, mezgtis
mezgdavosi, mezgtis
mezgdavomės, mezgtis
mezgdavotės, mezgtis
mezgsiusi, mezgtis
mezgsisi, mezgtis
mezgsis, mezgtis
mezgsimės, mezgtis
mezgsitės, mezgtis
mezgčiausi, mezgtis
mezgtumeisi, mezgtis
mezgtųsi, mezgtis
mezgtu(mė)mės, mezgtis
mezgtu(mė)tės, mezgtis
mėžtis, mėžtis
mėžiuosi, mėžtis
mėžiesi, mėžtis
mėžiasi, mėžtis
mėžiamės, mėžtis
mėžiatės, mėžtis
mėžks, mėžtis
mėžkitės, mėžtis
mėžkimės, mėžtis
mėžiausi, mėžtis
mėžeisi, mėžtis
mėžėsi, mėžtis
mėžėmės, mėžtis
mėžėtės, mėžtis
mėždavausi, mėžtis
mėždavaisi, mėžtis
mėždavosi, mėžtis
mėždavomės, mėžtis
mėždavotės, mėžtis
mėžšiusi, mėžtis
mėžšisi, mėžtis
mėžšis, mėžtis
mėžšimės, mėžtis
mėžšitės, mėžtis
mėžčiausi, mėžtis
mėžtumeisi, mėžtis
mėžtųsi, mėžtis
mėžtu(mė)mės, mėžtis
mėžtu(mė)tės, mėžtis
miauktis, miauktis
miaukiuosi, miauktis
miaukiesi, miauktis
miaukiasi, miauktis
miaukiamės, miauktis
miaukiatės, miauktis
miauks, miauktis
miaukitės, miauktis
miaukimės, miauktis
miaukiausi, miauktis
miaukeisi, miauktis
miaukėsi, miauktis
miaukėmės, miauktis
miaukėtės, miauktis
miaukdavausi, miauktis
miaukdavaisi, miauktis
miaukdavosi, miauktis
miaukdavomės, miauktis
miaukdavotės, miauktis
miauksiusi, miauktis
miauksisi, miauktis
miauksis, miauktis
miauksimės, miauktis
miauksitės, miauktis
miaukčiausi, miauktis
miauktumeisi, miauktis
miauktųsi, miauktis
miauktu(mė)mės, miauktis
miauktu(mė)tės, miauktis
miegotis, miegotis
 mieguosi, miegotis
 miegiesi, miegotis
 miegasi, miegotis
 miegamės, miegotis
 miegatės, miegotis
miegoks, miegotis
miegokitės, miegotis
miegokimės, miegotis
 miegojausi, miegotis
 miegojaisi, miegotis
 miegojosi, miegotis
 miegojomės, miegotis
 miegojotės, miegotis
miegodavausi, miegotis
miegodavaisi, miegotis
miegodavosi, miegotis
miegodavomės, miegotis
miegodavotės, miegotis
miegosiusi, miegotis
miegosisi, miegotis
miegosis, miegotis
miegosimės, miegotis
miegositės, miegotis
miegočiausi, miegotis
miegotumeisi, miegotis
miegotųsi, miegotis
miegotu(mė)mės, miegotis
miegotu(mė)tės, miegotis
mieštis, mieštis
miešiuosi, mieštis
miešiesi, mieštis
miešiasi, mieštis
miešiamės, mieštis
miešiatės, mieštis
miešks, mieštis
mieškitės, mieštis
mieškimės, mieštis
miešiausi, mieštis
miešeisi, mieštis
miešėsi, mieštis
miešėmės, mieštis
miešėtės, mieštis
miešdavausi, mieštis
miešdavaisi, mieštis
miešdavosi, mieštis
miešdavomės, mieštis
miešdavotės, mieštis
mieššiusi, mieštis
mieššisi, mieštis
mieššis, mieštis
mieššimės, mieštis
mieššitės, mieštis
mieščiausi, mieštis
mieštumeisi, mieštis
mieštųsi, mieštis
mieštu(mė)mės, mieštis
mieštu(mė)tės, mieštis
migdytis, migdytis
migdžausi, migdytis
migdaisi, migdytis
migdosi, migdytis
migdomės, migdytis
migdotės, migdytis
migdyks, migdytis
migdykitės, migdytis
migdykimės, migdytis
migdeisi, migdytis
migdėsi, migdytis
migdėmės, migdytis
migdėtės, migdytis
migdydavausi, migdytis
migdydavaisi, migdytis
migdydavosi, migdytis
migdydavomės, migdytis
migdydavotės, migdytis
migdysiusi, migdytis
migdysisi, migdytis
migdysis, migdytis
migdysimės, migdytis
migdysitės, migdytis
migdyčiausi, migdytis
migdytumeisi, migdytis
migdytųsi, migdytis
migdytu(mė)mės, migdytis
migdytu(mė)tės, migdytis
migtis, migtis
minguosi, migtis
mingiesi, migtis
mingasi, migtis
mingamės, migtis
mingatės, migtis
miks, migtis
mikitės, migtis
mikimės, migtis
migausi, migtis
migaisi, migtis
migosi, migtis
migomės, migtis
migotės, migtis
migdavausi, migtis
migdavaisi, migtis
migdavosi, migtis
migdavomės, migtis
migdavotės, migtis
migsiusi, migtis
migsisi, migtis
migsis, migtis
migsimės, migtis
migsitės, migtis
migčiausi, migtis
migtumeisi, migtis
migtųsi, migtis
migtu(mė)mės, migtis
migtu(mė)tės, migtis
mikčiotis, mikčiotis
mikčiojuosi, mikčiotis
mikčiojiesi, mikčiotis
mikčiojasi, mikčiotis
mikčiojamės, mikčiotis
mikčiojatės, mikčiotis
mikčioks, mikčiotis
mikčiokitės, mikčiotis
mikčiokimės, mikčiotis
mikčiojausi, mikčiotis
mikčiojaisi, mikčiotis
mikčiojosi, mikčiotis
mikčiojomės, mikčiotis
mikčiojotės, mikčiotis
mikčiodavausi, mikčiotis
mikčiodavaisi, mikčiotis
mikčiodavosi, mikčiotis
mikčiodavomės, mikčiotis
mikčiodavotės, mikčiotis
mikčiosiusi, mikčiotis
mikčiosisi, mikčiotis
mikčiosis, mikčiotis
mikčiosimės, mikčiotis
mikčiositės, mikčiotis
mikčiočiausi, mikčiotis
mikčiotumeisi, mikčiotis
mikčiotųsi, mikčiotis
mikčiotu(mė)mės, mikčiotis
mikčiotu(mė)tės, mikčiotis
minėtis, minėtis
miniusi, minėtis
minisi, minėtis
minisi, minėtis
minimės, minėtis
minitės, minėtis
minėks, minėtis
minėkitės, minėtis
minėkimės, minėtis
minėjausi, minėtis
minėjaisi, minėtis
minėjosi, minėtis
minėjomės, minėtis
minėjotės, minėtis
minėdavausi, minėtis
minėdavaisi, minėtis
minėdavosi, minėtis
minėdavomės, minėtis
minėdavotės, minėtis
minėsiusi, minėtis
minėsisi, minėtis
minėsis, minėtis
minėsimės, minėtis
minėsitės, minėtis
minėčiausi, minėtis
minėtumeisi, minėtis
minėtųsi, minėtis
minėtu(mė)mės, minėtis
minėtu(mė)tės, minėtis
minkytis, minkytis
minkausi, minkytis
minkaisi, minkytis
minkosi, minkytis
minkomės, minkytis
minkotės, minkytis
minkyks, minkytis
minkykitės, minkytis
minkykimės, minkytis
minkiausi, minkytis
minkeisi, minkytis
minkėsi, minkytis
minkėmės, minkytis
minkėtės, minkytis
minkydavausi, minkytis
minkydavaisi, minkytis
minkydavosi, minkytis
minkydavomės, minkytis
minkydavotės, minkytis
minkysiusi, minkytis
minkysisi, minkytis
minkysis, minkytis
minkysimės, minkytis
minkysitės, minkytis
minkyčiausi, minkytis
minkytumeisi, minkytis
minkytųsi, minkytis
minkytu(mė)mės, minkytis
minkytu(mė)tės, minkytis
mintis, mintis
minuosi, mintis
miniesi, mintis
minasi, mintis
minamės, mintis
minatės, mintis
minks, mintis
minkitės, mintis
minkimės, mintis
myniausi, mintis
myneisi, mintis
mynėsi, mintis
mynėmės, mintis
mynėtės, mintis
mindavausi, mintis
mindavaisi, mintis
mindavosi, mintis
mindavomės, mintis
mindavotės, mintis
minsiusi, mintis
minsisi, mintis
minsis, mintis
minsimės, mintis
minsitės, mintis
minčiausi, mintis
mintumeisi, mintis
mintųsi, mintis
mintu(mė)mės, mintis
mintu(mė)tės, mintis
mintytis, mintytis
mintijuosi, mintytis
mintijiesi, mintytis
mintijasi, mintytis
mintijamės, mintytis
mintijatės, mintytis
mintyks, mintytis
mintykitės, mintytis
mintykimės, mintytis
mintijausi, mintytis
mintijaisi, mintytis
mintijosi, mintytis
mintijomės, mintytis
mintijotės, mintytis
mintydavausi, mintytis
mintydavaisi, mintytis
mintydavosi, mintytis
mintydavomės, mintytis
mintydavotės, mintytis
mintysiusi, mintytis
mintysisi, mintytis
mintisis, mintytis
mintysimės, mintytis
mintysitės, mintytis
mintyčiausi, mintytis
mintytumeisi, mintytis
mintytųsi, mintytis
mintytu(mė)mės, mintytis
mintytu(mė)tės, mintytis
mirgėtis, mirgėtis
mirguosi, mirgėtis
mirgiesi, mirgėtis
mirgasi, mirgėtis
mirgamės, mirgėtis
mirgatės, mirgėtis
mirgėks, mirgėtis
mirgėkitės, mirgėtis
mirgėkimės, mirgėtis
mirgėjausi, mirgėtis
mirgėjaisi, mirgėtis
mirgėjosi, mirgėtis
mirgėjomės, mirgėtis
mirgėjotės, mirgėtis
mirgėdavausi, mirgėtis
mirgėdavaisi, mirgėtis
mirgėdavosi, mirgėtis
mirgėdavomės, mirgėtis
mirgėdavotės, mirgėtis
mirgėsiusi, mirgėtis
mirgėsisi, mirgėtis
mirgėsis, mirgėtis
mirgėsimės, mirgėtis
mirgėsitės, mirgėtis
mirgėčiausi, mirgėtis
mirgėtumeisi, mirgėtis
mirgėtųsi, mirgėtis
mirgėtu(mė)mės, mirgėtis
mirgėtu(mė)tės, mirgėtis
mirguliuotis, mirguliuotis
mirguliuojuosi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuojiesi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuojasi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuojamės, mirguliuotis
mirguliuojatės, mirguliuotis
mirguliuoks, mirguliuotis
mirguliuokitės, mirguliuotis
mirguliuokimės, mirguliuotis
mirguliavausi, mirguliuotis
mirguliavaisi, mirguliuotis
mirguliavosi, mirguliuotis
mirguliavomės, mirguliuotis
mirguliavotės, mirguliuotis
mirguliuodavausi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuodavaisi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuodavosi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuodavomės, mirguliuotis
mirguliuodavotės, mirguliuotis
mirguliuosiusi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuosisi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuosis, mirguliuotis
mirguliuosimės, mirguliuotis
mirguliuositės, mirguliuotis
mirguliuočiausi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuotumeisi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuotųsi, mirguliuotis
mirguliuotu(mė)mės, mirguliuotis
mirguliuotu(mė)tės, mirguliuotis
mirkčiotis, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojuosi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojiesi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojasi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojamės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojatės, mirkčiotis
mirkčioks, mirkčiotis
mirkčiokitės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiokimės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojausi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojaisi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojosi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojomės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiojotės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiodavausi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiodavaisi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiodavosi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiodavomės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiodavotės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiosiusi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiosisi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiosis, mirkčiotis
mirkčiosimės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiositės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiočiausi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiotumeisi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiotųsi, mirkčiotis
mirkčiotu(mė)mės, mirkčiotis
mirkčiotu(mė)tės, mirkčiotis
mirksėtis, mirksėtis
mirksiusi, mirksėtis
mirksisi, mirksėtis
mirksisi, mirksėtis
mirksimės, mirksėtis
mirksitės, mirksėtis
mirksėks, mirksėtis
mirksėkitės, mirksėtis
mirksėkimės, mirksėtis
mirksėjausi, mirksėtis
mirksėjaisi, mirksėtis
mirksėjosi, mirksėtis
mirksėjomės, mirksėtis
mirksėjotės, mirksėtis
mirksėdavausi, mirksėtis
mirksėdavaisi, mirksėtis
mirksėdavosi, mirksėtis
mirksėdavomės, mirksėtis
mirksėdavotės, mirksėtis
mirksėsiusi, mirksėtis
mirksėsisi, mirksėtis
mirksėsis, mirksėtis
mirksėsimės, mirksėtis
mirksėsitės, mirksėtis
mirksėčiausi, mirksėtis
mirksėtumeisi, mirksėtis
mirksėtųsi, mirksėtis
mirksėtu(mė)mės, mirksėtis
mirksėtu(mė)tės, mirksėtis
mirktelėtis, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjuosi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjiesi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjasi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjamės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjatės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėks, mirktelėtis
mirktelėkitės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėkimės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjausi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjaisi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjosi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjomės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėjotės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėdavausi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėdavaisi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėdavosi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėdavomės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėdavotės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėsiusi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėsisi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėsis, mirktelėtis
mirktelėsimės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėsitės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėčiausi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėtumeisi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėtųsi, mirktelėtis
mirktelėtu(mė)mės, mirktelėtis
mirktelėtu(mė)tės, mirktelėtis
mirktis, mirktis
merkuosi, mirktis
merkiesi, mirktis
merkasi, mirktis
merkamės, mirktis
merkatės, mirktis
mirks, mirktis
mirkitės, mirktis
mirkimės, mirktis
mirkausi, mirktis
mirkaisi, mirktis
mirkosi, mirktis
mirkomės, mirktis
mirkotės, mirktis
mirkdavausi, mirktis
mirkdavaisi, mirktis
mirkdavosi, mirktis
mirkdavomės, mirktis
mirkdavotės, mirktis
mirksiusi, mirktis
mirksisi, mirktis
mirksis, mirktis
mirksimės, mirktis
mirksitės, mirktis
mirkčiausi, mirktis
mirktumeisi, mirktis
mirktųsi, mirktis
mirktu(mė)mės, mirktis
mirktu(mė)tės, mirktis
mirtis, mirtis
mirštuosi, mirtis
mirštiesi, mirtis
mirštasi, mirtis
mirštamės, mirtis
mirštatės, mirtis
mirks, mirtis
mirkitės, mirtis
mirkimės, mirtis
miriausi, mirtis
mireisi, mirtis
mirėsi, mirtis
mirėmės, mirtis
mirėtės, mirtis
mirdavausi, mirtis
mirdavaisi, mirtis
mirdavosi, mirtis
mirdavomės, mirtis
mirdavotės, mirtis
mirsiusi, mirtis
mirsisi, mirtis
mirsis, mirtis
mirsimės, mirtis
mirsitės, mirtis
mirčiausi, mirtis
mirtumeisi, mirtis
mirtųsi, mirtis
mirtu(mė)mės, mirtis
mirtu(mė)tės, mirtis
mistis, mistis
mintuosi, mistis
mintiesi, mistis
mintasi, mistis
mintamės, mistis
mintatės, mistis
misks, mistis
miskitės, mistis
miskimės, mistis
mitausi, mistis
mitaisi, mistis
mitosi, mistis
mitomės, mistis
mitotės, mistis
misdavausi, mistis
misdavaisi, mistis
misdavosi, mistis
misdavomės, mistis
misdavotės, mistis
misiusi, mistis
misisi, mistis
misis, mistis
misimės, mistis
misitės, mistis
misčiausi, mistis
mistumeisi, mistis
mistųsi, mistis
mistu(mė)mės, mistis
mistu(mė)tės, mistis
modifikuotis, modifikuotis
modifikuojuosi, modifikuotis
modifikuojiesi, modifikuotis
modifikuojasi, modifikuotis
modifikuojamės, modifikuotis
modifikuojatės, modifikuotis
modifikuoks, modifikuotis
modifikuokitės, modifikuotis
modifikuokimės, modifikuotis
modifikavausi, modifikuotis
modifikavaisi, modifikuotis
modifikavosi, modifikuotis
modifikavomės, modifikuotis
modifikavotės, modifikuotis
modifikuodavausi, modifikuotis
modifikuodavaisi, modifikuotis
modifikuodavosi, modifikuotis
modifikuodavomės, modifikuotis
modifikuodavotės, modifikuotis
modifikuosiusi, modifikuotis
modifikuosisi, modifikuotis
modifikuosis, modifikuotis
modifikuosimės, modifikuotis
modifikuositės, modifikuotis
modifikuočiausi, modifikuotis
modifikuotumeisi, modifikuotis
modifikuotųsi, modifikuotis
modifikuotu(mė)mės, modifikuotis
modifikuotu(mė)tės, modifikuotis
mojuotis, mojuotis
mojuojuosi, mojuotis
mojuojiesi, mojuotis
mojuojasi, mojuotis
mojuojamės, mojuotis
mojuojatės, mojuotis
mojuoks, mojuotis
mojuokitės, mojuotis
mojuokimės, mojuotis
mojavausi, mojuotis
mojavaisi, mojuotis
mojavosi, mojuotis
mojavomės, mojuotis
mojavotės, mojuotis
mojuodavausi, mojuotis
mojuodavaisi, mojuotis
mojuodavosi, mojuotis
mojuodavomės, mojuotis
mojuodavotės, mojuotis
mojuosiusi, mojuotis
mojuosisi, mojuotis
mojuosis, mojuotis
mojuosimės, mojuotis
mojuositės, mojuotis
mojuočiausi, mojuotis
mojuotumeisi, mojuotis
mojuotųsi, mojuotis
mojuotu(mė)mės, mojuotis
mojuotu(mė)tės, mojuotis
mokėtis, mokėtis
mokuosi, mokėtis
mokiesi, mokėtis
mokasi, mokėtis
mokamės, mokėtis
mokatės, mokėtis
mokėks, mokėtis
mokėkitės, mokėtis
mokėkimės, mokėtis
mokėjausi, mokėtis
mokėjaisi, mokėtis
mokėjosi, mokėtis
mokėjomės, mokėtis
mokėjotės, mokėtis
mokėdavausi, mokėtis
mokėdavaisi, mokėtis
mokėdavosi, mokėtis
mokėdavomės, mokėtis
mokėdavotės, mokėtis
mokėsiusi, mokėtis
mokėsisi, mokėtis
mokėsis, mokėtis
mokėsimės, mokėtis
mokėsitės, mokėtis
mokėčiausi, mokėtis
mokėtumeisi, mokėtis
mokėtųsi, mokėtis
mokėtu(mė)mės, mokėtis
mokėtu(mė)tės, mokėtis
mokintis, mokintis
mokinuosi, mokintis
mokiniesi, mokintis
mokinasi, mokintis
mokinamės, mokintis
mokinatės, mokintis
mokinks, mokintis
mokinkitės, mokintis
mokinkimės, mokintis
mokinausi, mokintis
mokinaisi, mokintis
mokinosi, mokintis
mokinomės, mokintis
mokinotės, mokintis
mokindavausi, mokintis
mokindavaisi, mokintis
mokindavosi, mokintis
mokindavomės, mokintis
mokindavotės, mokintis
mokinsiusi, mokintis
mokinsisi, mokintis
mokinsis, mokintis
mokinsimės, mokintis
mokinsitės, mokintis
mokinčiausi, mokintis
mokintumeisi, mokintis
mokintųsi, mokintis
mokintu(mė)mės, mokintis
mokintu(mė)tės, mokintis
mokytis, mokytis
mokausi, mokytis
mokaisi, mokytis
mokosi, mokytis
mokomės, mokytis
mokotės, mokytis
mokyks, mokytis
mokykitės, mokytis
mokykimės, mokytis
mokiausi, mokytis
mokeisi, mokytis
mokėsi, mokytis
mokėmės, mokytis
mokėtės, mokytis
mokydavausi, mokytis
mokydavaisi, mokytis
mokydavosi, mokytis
mokydavomės, mokytis
mokydavotės, mokytis
mokysiusi, mokytis
mokysisi, mokytis
mokysis, mokytis
mokysimės, mokytis
mokysitės, mokytis
mokyčiausi, mokytis
mokytumeisi, mokytis
mokytųsi, mokytis
mokytu(mė)mės, mokytis
mokytu(mė)tės, mokytis
mokytojautis, mokytojautis
mokytojaujuosi, mokytojautis
mokytojaujiesi, mokytojautis
mokytojaujasi, mokytojautis
mokytojaujamės, mokytojautis
mokytojaujatės, mokytojautis
mokytojauks, mokytojautis
mokytojaukitės, mokytojautis
mokytojaukimės, mokytojautis
mokytojavausi, mokytojautis
mokytojavaisi, mokytojautis
mokytojavosi, mokytojautis
mokytojavomės, mokytojautis
mokytojavotės, mokytojautis
mokytojaudavausi, mokytojautis
mokytojaudavaisi, mokytojautis
mokytojaudavosi, mokytojautis
mokytojaudavomės, mokytojautis
mokytojaudavotės, mokytojautis
mokytojausiusi, mokytojautis
mokytojausisi, mokytojautis
mokytojausis, mokytojautis
mokytojausimės, mokytojautis
mokytojausitės, mokytojautis
mokytojaučiausi, mokytojautis
mokytojautumeisi, mokytojautis
mokytojautųsi, mokytojautis
mokytojautu(mė)mės, mokytojautis
mokytojautu(mė)tės, mokytojautis
montuotis, montuotis
montuojuosi, montuotis
montuojiesi, montuotis
montuojasi, montuotis
montuojamės, montuotis
montuojatės, montuotis
montuoks, montuotis
montuokitės, montuotis
montuokimės, montuotis
montavausi, montuotis
montavaisi, montuotis
montavosi, montuotis
montavomės, montuotis
montavotės, montuotis
montuodavausi, montuotis
montuodavaisi, montuotis
montuodavosi, montuotis
montuodavomės, montuotis
montuodavotės, montuotis
montuosiusi, montuotis
montuosisi, montuotis
montuosis, montuotis
montuosimės, montuotis
montuositės, montuotis
montuočiausi, montuotis
montuotumeisi, montuotis
montuotųsi, montuotis
montuotu(mė)mės, montuotis
montuotu(mė)tės, montuotis
mosikuotis, mosikuotis
mosikuojuosi, mosikuotis
mosikuojiesi, mosikuotis
mosikuojasi, mosikuotis
mosikuojamės, mosikuotis
mosikuojatės, mosikuotis
mosikuoks, mosikuotis
mosikuokitės, mosikuotis
mosikuokimės, mosikuotis
mosikavausi, mosikuotis
mosikavaisi, mosikuotis
mosikavosi, mosikuotis
mosikavomės, mosikuotis
mosikavotės, mosikuotis
mosikuodavausi, mosikuotis
mosikuodavaisi, mosikuotis
mosikuodavosi, mosikuotis
mosikuodavomės, mosikuotis
mosikuodavotės, mosikuotis
mosikuosiusi, mosikuotis
mosikuosisi, mosikuotis
mosikuosis, mosikuotis
mosikuosimės, mosikuotis
mosikuositės, mosikuotis
mosikuočiausi, mosikuotis
mosikuotumeisi, mosikuotis
mosikuotųsi, mosikuotis
mosikuotu(mė)mės, mosikuotis
mosikuotu(mė)tės, mosikuotis
mosuotis, mosuotis
mosuojuosi, mosuotis
mosuojiesi, mosuotis
mosuojasi, mosuotis
mosuojamės, mosuotis
mosuojatės, mosuotis
mosuoks, mosuotis
mosuokitės, mosuotis
mosuokimės, mosuotis
mosavausi, mosuotis
mosavaisi, mosuotis
mosavosi, mosuotis
mosavomės, mosuotis
mosavotės, mosuotis
mosuodavausi, mosuotis
mosuodavaisi, mosuotis
mosuodavosi, mosuotis
mosuodavomės, mosuotis
mosuodavotės, mosuotis
mosuosiusi, mosuotis
mosuosisi, mosuotis
mosuosis, mosuotis
mosuosimės, mosuotis
mosuositės, mosuotis
mosuočiausi, mosuotis
mosuotumeisi, mosuotis
mosuotųsi, mosuotis
mosuotu(mė)mės, mosuotis
mosuotu(mė)tės, mosuotis
motis, motis
mojuosi, motis
mojiesi, motis
mojasi, motis
mojamės, motis
mojatės, motis
moks, motis
mokitės, motis
mokimės, motis
mojausi, motis
mojaisi, motis
mojosi, motis
mojomės, motis
mojotės, motis
modavausi, motis
modavaisi, motis
modavosi, motis
modavomės, motis
modavotės, motis
mosiusi, motis
mosisi, motis
mosis, motis
mosimės, motis
mositės, motis
močiausi, motis
motumeisi, motis
motųsi, motis
motu(mė)mės, motis
motu(mė)tės, motis
motyvuotis, motyvuotis
motyvuojuosi, motyvuotis
motyvuojiesi, motyvuotis
motyvuojasi, motyvuotis
motyvuojamės, motyvuotis
motyvuojatės, motyvuotis
motyvuoks, motyvuotis
motyvuokitės, motyvuotis
motyvuokimės, motyvuotis
motyvavausi, motyvuotis
motyvavaisi, motyvuotis
motyvavosi, motyvuotis
motyvavomės, motyvuotis
motyvavotės, motyvuotis
motyvuodavausi, motyvuotis
motyvuodavaisi, motyvuotis
motyvuodavosi, motyvuotis
motyvuodavomės, motyvuotis
motyvuodavotės, motyvuotis
motyvuosiusi, motyvuotis
motyvuosisi, motyvuotis
motyvuosis, motyvuotis
motyvuosimės, motyvuotis
motyvuositės, motyvuotis
motyvuočiausi, motyvuotis
motyvuotumeisi, motyvuotis
motyvuotųsi, motyvuotis
motyvuotu(mė)mės, motyvuotis
motyvuotu(mė)tės, motyvuotis
mūktis, mūktis
mūkiuosi, mūktis
mūkiesi, mūktis
mūkiasi, mūktis
mūkiamės, mūktis
mūkiatės, mūktis
mūks, mūktis
mūkitės, mūktis
mūkimės, mūktis
mūkiausi, mūktis
mūkeisi, mūktis
mūkėsi, mūktis
mūkėmės, mūktis
mūkėtės, mūktis
mūkdavausi, mūktis
mūkdavaisi, mūktis
mūkdavosi, mūktis
mūkdavomės, mūktis
mūkdavotės, mūktis
mūksiusi, mūktis
mūksisi, mūktis
mūksis, mūktis
mūksimės, mūktis
mūksitės, mūktis
mūkčiausi, mūktis
mūktumeisi, mūktis
mūktųsi, mūktis
mūktu(mė)mės, mūktis
mūktu(mė)tės, mūktis
murktis, murktis
murkiuosi, murktis
murkiesi, murktis
murkiasi, murktis
murkiamės, murktis
murkiatės, murktis
murks, murktis
murkitės, murktis
murkimės, murktis
murkiausi, murktis
murkeisi, murktis
murkėsi, murktis
murkėmės, murktis
murkėtės, murktis
murkdavausi, murktis
murkdavaisi, murktis
murkdavosi, murktis
murkdavomės, murktis
murkdavotės, murktis
murksiusi, murktis
murksisi, murktis
murksis, murktis
murksimės, murktis
murksitės, murktis
murkčiausi, murktis
murktumeisi, murktis
murktųsi, murktis
murktu(mė)mės, murktis
murktu(mė)tės, murktis
murmėtis, murmėtis
murmuosi, murmėtis
murmiesi, murmėtis
murmasi, murmėtis
murmamės, murmėtis
murmatės, murmėtis
murmėks, murmėtis
murmėkitės, murmėtis
murmėkimės, murmėtis
murmėjausi, murmėtis
murmėjaisi, murmėtis
murmėjosi, murmėtis
murmėjomės, murmėtis
murmėjotės, murmėtis
murmėdavausi, murmėtis
murmėdavaisi, murmėtis
murmėdavosi, murmėtis
murmėdavomės, murmėtis
murmėdavotės, murmėtis
murmėsiusi, murmėtis
murmėsisi, murmėtis
murmėsis, murmėtis
murmėsimės, murmėtis
murmėsitės, murmėtis
murmėčiausi, murmėtis
murmėtumeisi, murmėtis
murmėtųsi, murmėtis
murmėtu(mė)mės, murmėtis
murmėtu(mė)tės, murmėtis
mūrytis, mūrytis
mūrijuosi, mūrytis
mūrijiesi, mūrytis
mūrijasi, mūrytis
mūrijamės, mūrytis
mūrijatės, mūrytis
mūryks, mūrytis
mūrykitės, mūrytis
mūrykimės, mūrytis
mūrijausi, mūrytis
mūrijaisi, mūrytis
mūrijosi, mūrytis
mūrijomės, mūrytis
mūrijotės, mūrytis
mūrydavausi, mūrytis
mūrydavaisi, mūrytis
mūrydavosi, mūrytis
mūrydavomės, mūrytis
mūrydavotės, mūrytis
mūrysiusi, mūrytis
mūrysisi, mūrytis
mūrisis, mūrytis
mūrysimės, mūrytis
mūrysitės, mūrytis
mūryčiausi, mūrytis
mūrytumeisi, mūrytis
mūrytųsi, mūrytis
mūrytu(mė)mės, mūrytis
mūrytu(mė)tės, mūrytis
mušinėtis, mušinėtis
mušinėjuosi, mušinėtis
mušinėjiesi, mušinėtis
mušinėjasi, mušinėtis
mušinėjamės, mušinėtis
mušinėjatės, mušinėtis
mušinėks, mušinėtis
mušinėkitės, mušinėtis
mušinėkimės, mušinėtis
mušinėjausi, mušinėtis
mušinėjaisi, mušinėtis
mušinėjosi, mušinėtis
mušinėjomės, mušinėtis
mušinėjotės, mušinėtis
mušinėdavausi, mušinėtis
mušinėdavaisi, mušinėtis
mušinėdavosi, mušinėtis
mušinėdavomės, mušinėtis
mušinėdavotės, mušinėtis
mušinėsiusi, mušinėtis
mušinėsisi, mušinėtis
mušinėsis, mušinėtis
mušinėsimės, mušinėtis
mušinėsitės, mušinėtis
mušinėčiausi, mušinėtis
mušinėtumeisi, mušinėtis
mušinėtųsi, mušinėtis
mušinėtu(mė)mės, mušinėtis
mušinėtu(mė)tės, mušinėtis
muštis, muštis
mušuosi, muštis
mušiesi, muštis
mušasi, muštis
mušamės, muštis
mušatės, muštis
mušks, muštis
muškitės, muštis
muškimės, muštis
mušiausi, muštis
mušeisi, muštis
mušėsi, muštis
mušėmės, muštis
mušėtės, muštis
mušdavausi, muštis
mušdavaisi, muštis
mušdavosi, muštis
mušdavomės, muštis
mušdavotės, muštis
muššiusi, muštis
muššisi, muštis
muššis, muštis
muššimės, muštis
muššitės, muštis
muščiausi, muštis
muštumeisi, muštis
muštųsi, muštis
muštu(mė)mės, muštis
muštu(mė)tės, muštis
mutuotis, mutuotis
mutuojuosi, mutuotis
mutuojiesi, mutuotis
mutuojasi, mutuotis
mutuojamės, mutuotis
mutuojatės, mutuotis
mutuoks, mutuotis
mutuokitės, mutuotis
mutuokimės, mutuotis
mutavausi, mutuotis
mutavaisi, mutuotis
mutavosi, mutuotis
mutavomės, mutuotis
mutavotės, mutuotis
mutuodavausi, mutuotis
mutuodavaisi, mutuotis
mutuodavosi, mutuotis
mutuodavomės, mutuotis
mutuodavotės, mutuotis
mutuosiusi, mutuotis
mutuosisi, mutuotis
mutuosis, mutuotis
mutuosimės, mutuotis
mutuositės, mutuotis
mutuočiausi, mutuotis
mutuotumeisi, mutuotis
mutuotųsi, mutuotis
mutuotu(mė)mės, mutuotis
mutuotu(mė)tės, mutuotis
muturiuotis, muturiuotis
muturiuojuosi, muturiuotis
muturiuojiesi, muturiuotis
muturiuojasi, muturiuotis
muturiuojamės, muturiuotis
muturiuojatės, muturiuotis
muturiuoks, muturiuotis
muturiuokitės, muturiuotis
muturiuokimės, muturiuotis
muturiavausi, muturiuotis
muturiavaisi, muturiuotis
muturiavosi, muturiuotis
muturiavomės, muturiuotis
muturiavotės, muturiuotis
muturiuodavausi, muturiuotis
muturiuodavaisi, muturiuotis
muturiuodavosi, muturiuotis
muturiuodavomės, muturiuotis
muturiuodavotės, muturiuotis
muturiuosiusi, muturiuotis
muturiuosisi, muturiuotis
muturiuosis, muturiuotis
muturiuosimės, muturiuotis
muturiuositės, muturiuotis
muturiuočiausi, muturiuotis
muturiuotumeisi, muturiuotis
muturiuotųsi, muturiuotis
muturiuotu(mė)mės, muturiuotis
muturiuotu(mė)tės, muturiuotis
mūvėtis, mūvėtis
mūviusi, mūvėtis
mūvisi, mūvėtis
mūvisi, mūvėtis
mūvimės, mūvėtis
mūvitės, mūvėtis
mūvėks, mūvėtis
mūvėkitės, mūvėtis
mūvėkimės, mūvėtis
mūvėjausi, mūvėtis
mūvėjaisi, mūvėtis
mūvėjosi, mūvėtis
mūvėjomės, mūvėtis
mūvėjotės, mūvėtis
mūvėdavausi, mūvėtis
mūvėdavaisi, mūvėtis
mūvėdavosi, mūvėtis
mūvėdavomės, mūvėtis
mūvėdavotės, mūvėtis
mūvėsiusi, mūvėtis
mūvėsisi, mūvėtis
mūvėsis, mūvėtis
mūvėsimės, mūvėtis
mūvėsitės, mūvėtis
mūvėčiausi, mūvėtis
mūvėtumeisi, mūvėtis
mūvėtųsi, mūvėtis
mūvėtu(mė)mės, mūvėtis
mūvėtu(mė)tės, mūvėtis
myktis, myktis
mykiuosi, myktis
mykiesi, myktis
mykiasi, myktis
mykiamės, myktis
mykiatės, myktis
myks, myktis
mykitės, myktis
mykimės, myktis
mykiausi, myktis
mykeisi, myktis
mykėsi, myktis
mykėmės, myktis
mykėtės, myktis
mykdavausi, myktis
mykdavaisi, myktis
mykdavosi, myktis
mykdavomės, myktis
mykdavotės, myktis
myksiusi, myktis
myksisi, myktis
myksis, myktis
myksimės, myktis
myksitės, myktis
mykčiausi, myktis
myktumeisi, myktis
myktųsi, myktis
myktu(mė)mės, myktis
myktu(mė)tės, myktis
mylėtis, mylėtis
myliusi, mylėtis
mylisi, mylėtis
mylisi, mylėtis
mylimės, mylėtis
mylitės, mylėtis
mylėks, mylėtis
mylėkitės, mylėtis
mylėkimės, mylėtis
mylėjausi, mylėtis
mylėjaisi, mylėtis
mylėjosi, mylėtis
mylėjomės, mylėtis
mylėjotės, mylėtis
mylėdavausi, mylėtis
mylėdavaisi, mylėtis
mylėdavosi, mylėtis
mylėdavomės, mylėtis
mylėdavotės, mylėtis
mylėsiusi, mylėtis
mylėsisi, mylėtis
mylėsis, mylėtis
mylėsimės, mylėtis
mylėsitės, mylėtis
mylėčiausi, mylėtis
mylėtumeisi, mylėtis
mylėtųsi, mylėtis
mylėtu(mė)mės, mylėtis
mylėtu(mė)tės, mylėtis
myluotis, myluotis
myluojuosi, myluotis
myluojiesi, myluotis
myluojasi, myluotis
myluojamės, myluotis
myluojatės, myluotis
myluoks, myluotis
myluokitės, myluotis
myluokimės, myluotis
mylavausi, myluotis
mylavaisi, myluotis
mylavosi, myluotis
mylavomės, myluotis
mylavotės, myluotis
myluodavausi, myluotis
myluodavaisi, myluotis
myluodavosi, myluotis
myluodavomės, myluotis
myluodavotės, myluotis
myluosiusi, myluotis
myluosisi, myluotis
myluosis, myluotis
myluosimės, myluotis
myluositės, myluotis
myluočiausi, myluotis
myluotumeisi, myluotis
myluotųsi, myluotis
myluotu(mė)mės, myluotis
myluotu(mė)tės, myluotis
myžtis, myžtis
myžuosi, myžtis
myžiesi, myžtis
myžasi, myžtis
myžamės, myžtis
myžatės, myžtis
myžks, myžtis
myžkitės, myžtis
myžkimės, myžtis
myžausi, myžtis
myžaisi, myžtis
myžosi, myžtis
myžomės, myžtis
myžotės, myžtis
myždavausi, myžtis
myždavaisi, myžtis
myždavosi, myžtis
myždavomės, myžtis
myždavotės, myžtis
myžšiusi, myžtis
myžšisi, myžtis
myžšis, myžtis
myžšimės, myžtis
myžšitės, myžtis
myžčiausi, myžtis
myžtumeisi, myžtis
myžtųsi, myžtis
myžtu(mė)mės, myžtis
myžtu(mė)tės, myžtis
nagrinėtis, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjuosi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjiesi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjasi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjamės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjatės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėks, nagrinėtis
nagrinėkitės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėkimės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjausi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjaisi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjosi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjomės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėjotės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėdavausi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėdavaisi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėdavosi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėdavomės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėdavotės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėsiusi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėsisi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėsis, nagrinėtis
nagrinėsimės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėsitės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėčiausi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėtumeisi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėtųsi, nagrinėtis
nagrinėtu(mė)mės, nagrinėtis
nagrinėtu(mė)tės, nagrinėtis
naikintis, naikintis
naikinuosi, naikintis
naikiniesi, naikintis
naikinasi, naikintis
naikinamės, naikintis
naikinatės, naikintis
naikinks, naikintis
naikinkitės, naikintis
naikinkimės, naikintis
naikinausi, naikintis
naikinaisi, naikintis
naikinosi, naikintis
naikinomės, naikintis
naikinotės, naikintis
naikindavausi, naikintis
naikindavaisi, naikintis
naikindavosi, naikintis
naikindavomės, naikintis
naikindavotės, naikintis
naikinsiusi, naikintis
naikinsisi, naikintis
naikinsis, naikintis
naikinsimės, naikintis
naikinsitės, naikintis
naikinčiausi, naikintis
naikintumeisi, naikintis
naikintųsi, naikintis
naikintu(mė)mės, naikintis
naikintu(mė)tės, naikintis
nakvotis, nakvotis
nakvojuosi, nakvotis
nakvojiesi, nakvotis
nakvojasi, nakvotis
nakvojamės, nakvotis
nakvojatės, nakvotis
nakvoks, nakvotis
nakvokitės, nakvotis
nakvokimės, nakvotis
nakvojausi, nakvotis
nakvojaisi, nakvotis
nakvojosi, nakvotis
nakvojomės, nakvotis
nakvojotės, nakvotis
nakvodavausi, nakvotis
nakvodavaisi, nakvotis
nakvodavosi, nakvotis
nakvodavomės, nakvotis
nakvodavotės, nakvotis
nakvosiusi, nakvotis
nakvosisi, nakvotis
nakvosis, nakvotis
nakvosimės, nakvotis
nakvositės, nakvotis
nakvočiausi, nakvotis
nakvotumeisi, nakvotis
nakvotųsi, nakvotis
nakvotu(mė)mės, nakvotis
nakvotu(mė)tės, nakvotis
nardytis, nardytis
nardžausi, nardytis
nardaisi, nardytis
nardosi, nardytis
nardomės, nardytis
nardotės, nardytis
nardyks, nardytis
nardykitės, nardytis
nardykimės, nardytis
nardeisi, nardytis
nardėsi, nardytis
nardėmės, nardytis
nardėtės, nardytis
nardydavausi, nardytis
nardydavaisi, nardytis
nardydavosi, nardytis
nardydavomės, nardytis
nardydavotės, nardytis
nardysiusi, nardytis
nardysisi, nardytis
nardysis, nardytis
nardysimės, nardytis
nardysitės, nardytis
nardyčiausi, nardytis
nardytumeisi, nardytis
nardytųsi, nardytis
nardytu(mė)mės, nardytis
nardytu(mė)tės, nardytis
narpliotis, narpliotis
narpliojuosi, narpliotis
narpliojiesi, narpliotis
narpliojasi, narpliotis
narpliojamės, narpliotis
narpliojatės, narpliotis
narplioks, narpliotis
narpliokitės, narpliotis
narpliokimės, narpliotis
narpliojausi, narpliotis
narpliojaisi, narpliotis
narpliojosi, narpliotis
narpliojomės, narpliotis
narpliojotės, narpliotis
narpliodavausi, narpliotis
narpliodavaisi, narpliotis
narpliodavosi, narpliotis
narpliodavomės, narpliotis
narpliodavotės, narpliotis
narpliosiusi, narpliotis
narpliosisi, narpliotis
narpliosis, narpliotis
narpliosimės, narpliotis
narpliositės, narpliotis
narpliočiausi, narpliotis
narpliotumeisi, narpliotis
narpliotųsi, narpliotis
narpliotu(mė)mės, narpliotis
narpliotu(mė)tės, narpliotis
narstytis, narstytis
narstausi, narstytis
narstaisi, narstytis
narstosi, narstytis
narstomės, narstytis
narstotės, narstytis
narstyks, narstytis
narstykitės, narstytis
narstykimės, narstytis
narsteisi, narstytis
narstėsi, narstytis
narstėmės, narstytis
narstėtės, narstytis
narstydavausi, narstytis
narstydavaisi, narstytis
narstydavosi, narstytis
narstydavomės, narstytis
narstydavotės, narstytis
narstysiusi, narstytis
narstysisi, narstytis
narstysis, narstytis
narstysimės, narstytis
narstysitės, narstytis
narstyčiausi, narstytis
narstytumeisi, narstytis
narstytųsi, narstytis
narstytu(mė)mės, narstytis
narstytu(mė)tės, narstytis
naršytis, naršytis
naršausi, naršytis
naršaisi, naršytis
naršosi, naršytis
naršomės, naršytis
naršotės, naršytis
naršyks, naršytis
naršykitės, naršytis
naršykimės, naršytis
naršiausi, naršytis
naršeisi, naršytis
naršėsi, naršytis
naršėmės, naršytis
naršėtės, naršytis
naršydavausi, naršytis
naršydavaisi, naršytis
naršydavosi, naršytis
naršydavomės, naršytis
naršydavotės, naršytis
naršysiusi, naršytis
naršysisi, naršytis
naršysis, naršytis
naršysimės, naršytis
naršysitės, naršytis
naršyčiausi, naršytis
naršytumeisi, naršytis
naršytųsi, naršytis
naršytu(mė)mės, naršytis
naršytu(mė)tės, naršytis
naudotis, naudotis
naudojuosi, naudotis
naudojiesi, naudotis
naudojasi, naudotis
naudojamės, naudotis
naudojatės, naudotis
naudoks, naudotis
naudokitės, naudotis
naudokimės, naudotis
naudojausi, naudotis
naudojaisi, naudotis
naudojosi, naudotis
naudojomės, naudotis
naudojotės, naudotis
naudodavausi, naudotis
naudodavaisi, naudotis
naudodavosi, naudotis
naudodavomės, naudotis
naudodavotės, naudotis
naudosiusi, naudotis
naudosisi, naudotis
naudosis, naudotis
naudosimės, naudotis
naudositės, naudotis
naudočiausi, naudotis
naudotumeisi, naudotis
naudotųsi, naudotis
naudotu(mė)mės, naudotis
naudotu(mė)tės, naudotis
naujintis, naujintis
naujinuosi, naujintis
naujiniesi, naujintis
naujinasi, naujintis
naujinamės, naujintis
naujinatės, naujintis
naujinks, naujintis
naujinkitės, naujintis
naujinkimės, naujintis
naujinausi, naujintis
naujinaisi, naujintis
naujinosi, naujintis
naujinomės, naujintis
naujinotės, naujintis
naujindavausi, naujintis
naujindavaisi, naujintis
naujindavosi, naujintis
naujindavomės, naujintis
naujindavotės, naujintis
naujinsiusi, naujintis
naujinsisi, naujintis
naujinsis, naujintis
naujinsimės, naujintis
naujinsitės, naujintis
naujinčiausi, naujintis
naujintumeisi, naujintis
naujintųsi, naujintis
naujintu(mė)mės, naujintis
naujintu(mė)tės, naujintis
neabejotis, neabejotis
neabejojuosi, neabejotis
neabejojiesi, neabejotis
neabejojasi, neabejotis
neabejojamės, neabejotis
neabejojatės, neabejotis
neabejoks, neabejotis
neabejokitės, neabejotis
neabejokimės, neabejotis
neabejojausi, neabejotis
neabejojaisi, neabejotis
neabejojosi, neabejotis
neabejojomės, neabejotis
neabejojotės, neabejotis
neabejodavausi, neabejotis
neabejodavaisi, neabejotis
neabejodavosi, neabejotis
neabejodavomės, neabejotis
neabejodavotės, neabejotis
neabejosiusi, neabejotis
neabejosisi, neabejotis
neabejosis, neabejotis
neabejosimės, neabejotis
neabejositės, neabejotis
neabejočiausi, neabejotis
neabejotumeisi, neabejotis
neabejotųsi, neabejotis
neabejotu(mė)mės, neabejotis
neabejotu(mė)tės, neabejotis
neigtis, neigtis
neigiuosi, neigtis
neigiesi, neigtis
neigiasi, neigtis
neigiamės, neigtis
neigiatės, neigtis
neiks, neigtis
neikitės, neigtis
neikimės, neigtis
neigiausi, neigtis
neigeisi, neigtis
neigėsi, neigtis
neigėmės, neigtis
neigėtės, neigtis
neigdavausi, neigtis
neigdavaisi, neigtis
neigdavosi, neigtis
neigdavomės, neigtis
neigdavotės, neigtis
neigsiusi, neigtis
neigsisi, neigtis
neigsis, neigtis
neigsimės, neigtis
neigsitės, neigtis
neigčiausi, neigtis
neigtumeisi, neigtis
neigtųsi, neigtis
neigtu(mė)mės, neigtis
neigtu(mė)tės, neigtis
nekantrautis, nekantrautis
nekantraujuosi, nekantrautis
nekantraujiesi, nekantrautis
nekantraujasi, nekantrautis
nekantraujamės, nekantrautis
nekantraujatės, nekantrautis
nekantrauks, nekantrautis
nekantraukitės, nekantrautis
nekantraukimės, nekantrautis
nekantravausi, nekantrautis
nekantravaisi, nekantrautis
nekantravosi, nekantrautis
nekantravomės, nekantrautis
nekantravotės, nekantrautis
nekantraudavausi, nekantrautis
nekantraudavaisi, nekantrautis
nekantraudavosi, nekantrautis
nekantraudavomės, nekantrautis
nekantraudavotės, nekantrautis
nekantrausiusi, nekantrautis
nekantrausisi, nekantrautis
nekantrausis, nekantrautis
nekantrausimės, nekantrautis
nekantrausitės, nekantrautis
nekantraučiausi, nekantrautis
nekantrautumeisi, nekantrautis
nekantrautųsi, nekantrautis
nekantrautu(mė)mės, nekantrautis
nekantrautu(mė)tės, nekantrautis
nekęstis, nekęstis
nekenčiuosi, nekęstis
nekenčiesi, nekęstis
nekenčiasi, nekęstis
nekenčiamės, nekęstis
nekenčiatės, nekęstis
nekęsks, nekęstis
nekęskitės, nekęstis
nekęskimės, nekęstis
nekenteisi, nekęstis
nekentėsi, nekęstis
nekentėmės, nekęstis
nekentėtės, nekęstis
nekęsdavausi, nekęstis
nekęsdavaisi, nekęstis
nekęsdavosi, nekęstis
nekęsdavomės, nekęstis
nekęsdavotės, nekęstis
nekęsiusi, nekęstis
nekęsisi, nekęstis
nekęsis, nekęstis
nekęsimės, nekęstis
nekęsitės, nekęstis
nekęsčiausi, nekęstis
nekęstumeisi, nekęstis
nekęstųsi, nekęstis
nekęstu(mė)mės, nekęstis
nekęstu(mė)tės, nekęstis
paisytis, paisytis
paisausi, paisytis
paisaisi, paisytis
paisosi, paisytis
paisomės, paisytis
paisotės, paisytis
paisyks, paisytis
paisykitės, paisytis
paisykimės, paisytis
paisiausi, paisytis
paiseisi, paisytis
paisėsi, paisytis
paisėmės, paisytis
paisėtės, paisytis
paisydavausi, paisytis
paisydavaisi, paisytis
paisydavosi, paisytis
paisydavomės, paisytis
paisydavotės, paisytis
paisysiusi, paisytis
paisysisi, paisytis
paisysis, paisytis
paisysimės, paisytis
paisysitės, paisytis
paisyčiausi, paisytis
paisytumeisi, paisytis
paisytųsi, paisytis
paisytu(mė)mės, paisytis
paisytu(mė)tės, paisytis
nerimautis, nerimautis
nerimaujuosi, nerimautis
nerimaujiesi, nerimautis
nerimaujasi, nerimautis
nerimaujamės, nerimautis
nerimaujatės, nerimautis
nerimauks, nerimautis
nerimaukitės, nerimautis
nerimaukimės, nerimautis
nerimavausi, nerimautis
nerimavaisi, nerimautis
nerimavosi, nerimautis
nerimavomės, nerimautis
nerimavotės, nerimautis
nerimaudavausi, nerimautis
nerimaudavaisi, nerimautis
nerimaudavosi, nerimautis
nerimaudavomės, nerimautis
nerimaudavotės, nerimautis
nerimausiusi, nerimautis
nerimausisi, nerimautis
nerimausis, nerimautis
nerimausimės, nerimautis
nerimausitės, nerimautis
nerimaučiausi, nerimautis
nerimautumeisi, nerimautis
nerimautųsi, nerimautis
nerimautu(mė)mės, nerimautis
nerimautu(mė)tės, nerimautis
nerštis, nerštis
neršiuosi, nerštis
neršiesi, nerštis
neršiasi, nerštis
neršiamės, nerštis
neršiatės, nerštis
neršks, nerštis
nerškitės, nerštis
nerškimės, nerštis
neršiausi, nerštis
neršeisi, nerštis
neršėsi, nerštis
neršėmės, nerštis
neršėtės, nerštis
neršdavausi, nerštis
neršdavaisi, nerštis
neršdavosi, nerštis
neršdavomės, nerštis
neršdavotės, nerštis
nerššiusi, nerštis
nerššisi, nerštis
nerššis, nerštis
nerššimės, nerštis
nerššitės, nerštis
nerščiausi, nerštis
nerštumeisi, nerštis
nerštųsi, nerštis
nerštu(mė)mės, nerštis
nerštu(mė)tės, nerštis
nertis, nertis
neriuosi, nertis
neriesi, nertis
neriasi, nertis
neriamės, nertis
neriatės, nertis
nerks, nertis
nerkitės, nertis
nerkimės, nertis
nėriausi, nertis
nėreisi, nertis
nėrėsi, nertis
nėrėmės, nertis
nėrėtės, nertis
nerdavausi, nertis
nerdavaisi, nertis
nerdavosi, nertis
nerdavomės, nertis
nerdavotės, nertis
nersiusi, nertis
nersisi, nertis
nersis, nertis
nersimės, nertis
nersitės, nertis
nerčiausi, nertis
nertumeisi, nertis
nertųsi, nertis
nertu(mė)mės, nertis
nertu(mė)tės, nertis
nervintis, nervintis
nervinuosi, nervintis
nerviniesi, nervintis
nervinasi, nervintis
nervinamės, nervintis
nervinatės, nervintis
nervinks, nervintis
nervinkitės, nervintis
nervinkimės, nervintis
nervinausi, nervintis
nervinaisi, nervintis
nervinosi, nervintis
nervinomės, nervintis
nervinotės, nervintis
nervindavausi, nervintis
nervindavaisi, nervintis
nervindavosi, nervintis
nervindavomės, nervintis
nervindavotės, nervintis
nervinsiusi, nervintis
nervinsisi, nervintis
nervinsis, nervintis
nervinsimės, nervintis
nervinsitės, nervintis
nervinčiausi, nervintis
nervintumeisi, nervintis
nervintųsi, nervintis
nervintu(mė)mės, nervintis
nervintu(mė)tės, nervintis
nėšėtis, nėšėtis
nėšiusi, nėšėtis
nėšisi, nėšėtis
nėšisi, nėšėtis
nėšimės, nėšėtis
nėšitės, nėšėtis
nėšėks, nėšėtis
nėšėkitės, nėšėtis
nėšėkimės, nėšėtis
nėšėjausi, nėšėtis
nėšėjaisi, nėšėtis
nėšėjosi, nėšėtis
nėšėjomės, nėšėtis
nėšėjotės, nėšėtis
nėšėdavausi, nėšėtis
nėšėdavaisi, nėšėtis
nėšėdavosi, nėšėtis
nėšėdavomės, nėšėtis
nėšėdavotės, nėšėtis
nėšėsiusi, nėšėtis
nėšėsisi, nėšėtis
nėšėsis, nėšėtis
nėšėsimės, nėšėtis
nėšėsitės, nėšėtis
nėšėčiausi, nėšėtis
nėšėtumeisi, nėšėtis
nėšėtųsi, nėšėtis
nėšėtu(mė)mės, nėšėtis
nėšėtu(mė)tės, nėšėtis
nešiotis, nešiotis
nešiojuosi, nešiotis
nešiojiesi, nešiotis
nešiojasi, nešiotis
nešiojamės, nešiotis
nešiojatės, nešiotis
nešioks, nešiotis
nešiokitės, nešiotis
nešiokimės, nešiotis
nešiojausi, nešiotis
nešiojaisi, nešiotis
nešiojosi, nešiotis
nešiojomės, nešiotis
nešiojotės, nešiotis
nešiodavausi, nešiotis
nešiodavaisi, nešiotis
nešiodavosi, nešiotis
nešiodavomės, nešiotis
nešiodavotės, nešiotis
nešiosiusi, nešiotis
nešiosisi, nešiotis
nešiosis, nešiotis
nešiosimės, nešiotis
nešiositės, nešiotis
nešiočiausi, nešiotis
nešiotumeisi, nešiotis
nešiotųsi, nešiotis
nešiotu(mė)mės, nešiotis
nešiotu(mė)tės, nešiotis
neštis, neštis
nešuosi, neštis
nešiesi, neštis
nešasi, neštis
nešamės, neštis
nešatės, neštis
nešks, neštis
neškitės, neštis
neškimės, neštis
nešiausi, neštis
nešeisi, neštis
nešėsi, neštis
nešėmės, neštis
nešėtės, neštis
nešdavausi, neštis
nešdavaisi, neštis
nešdavosi, neštis
nešdavomės, neštis
nešdavotės, neštis
neššiusi, neštis
neššisi, neštis
neššis, neštis
neššimės, neštis
neššitės, neštis
neščiausi, neštis
neštumeisi, neštis
neštųsi, neštis
neštu(mė)mės, neštis
neštu(mė)tės, neštis
niekintis, niekintis
niekinuosi, niekintis
niekiniesi, niekintis
niekinasi, niekintis
niekinamės, niekintis
niekinatės, niekintis
niekinks, niekintis
niekinkitės, niekintis
niekinkimės, niekintis
niekinausi, niekintis
niekinaisi, niekintis
niekinosi, niekintis
niekinomės, niekintis
niekinotės, niekintis
niekindavausi, niekintis
niekindavaisi, niekintis
niekindavosi, niekintis
niekindavomės, niekintis
niekindavotės, niekintis
niekinsiusi, niekintis
niekinsisi, niekintis
niekinsis, niekintis
niekinsimės, niekintis
niekinsitės, niekintis
niekinčiausi, niekintis
niekintumeisi, niekintis
niekintųsi, niekintis
niekintu(mė)mės, niekintis
niekintu(mė)tės, niekintis
niežėtis, niežėtis
niežtiusi, niežėtis
niežtisi, niežėtis
niežtisi, niežėtis
niežtimės, niežėtis
niežtitės, niežėtis
niežėks, niežėtis
niežėkitės, niežėtis
niežėkimės, niežėtis
niežėjausi, niežėtis
niežėjaisi, niežėtis
niežėjosi, niežėtis
niežėjomės, niežėtis
niežėjotės, niežėtis
niežėdavausi, niežėtis
niežėdavaisi, niežėtis
niežėdavosi, niežėtis
niežėdavomės, niežėtis
niežėdavotės, niežėtis
niežėsiusi, niežėtis
niežėsisi, niežėtis
niežėsis, niežėtis
niežėsimės, niežėtis
niežėsitės, niežėtis
niežėčiausi, niežėtis
niežėtumeisi, niežėtis
niežėtųsi, niežėtis
niežėtu(mė)mės, niežėtis
niežėtu(mė)tės, niežėtis
nioktis, nioktis
niokiuosi, nioktis
niokiesi, nioktis
niokiasi, nioktis
niokiamės, nioktis
niokiatės, nioktis
nioks, nioktis
niokitės, nioktis
niokimės, nioktis
niokiausi, nioktis
niokeisi, nioktis
niokėsi, nioktis
niokėmės, nioktis
niokėtės, nioktis
niokdavausi, nioktis
niokdavaisi, nioktis
niokdavosi, nioktis
niokdavomės, nioktis
niokdavotės, nioktis
nioksiusi, nioktis
nioksisi, nioktis
nioksis, nioktis
nioksimės, nioktis
nioksitės, nioktis
niokčiausi, nioktis
nioktumeisi, nioktis
nioktųsi, nioktis
nioktu(mė)mės, nioktis
nioktu(mė)tės, nioktis
nirštis, nirštis
nirštuosi, nirštis
nirštiesi, nirštis
nirštasi, nirštis
nirštamės, nirštis
nirštatės, nirštis
niršks, nirštis
nirškitės, nirštis
nirškimės, nirštis
niršausi, nirštis
niršaisi, nirštis
niršosi, nirštis
niršomės, nirštis
niršotės, nirštis
niršdavausi, nirštis
niršdavaisi, nirštis
niršdavosi, nirštis
niršdavomės, nirštis
niršdavotės, nirštis
nirššiusi, nirštis
nirššisi, nirštis
nirššis, nirštis
nirššimės, nirštis
nirššitės, nirštis
nirščiausi, nirštis
nirštumeisi, nirštis
nirštųsi, nirštis
nirštu(mė)mės, nirštis
nirštu(mė)tės, nirštis
niūniuotis, niūniuotis
niūniuojuosi, niūniuotis
niūniuojiesi, niūniuotis
niūniuojasi, niūniuotis
niūniuojamės, niūniuotis
niūniuojatės, niūniuotis
niūniuoks, niūniuotis
niūniuokitės, niūniuotis
niūniuokimės, niūniuotis
niūniavausi, niūniuotis
niūniavaisi, niūniuotis
niūniavosi, niūniuotis
niūniavomės, niūniuotis
niūniavotės, niūniuotis
niūniuodavausi, niūniuotis
niūniuodavaisi, niūniuotis
niūniuodavosi, niūniuotis
niūniuodavomės, niūniuotis
niūniuodavotės, niūniuotis
niūniuosiusi, niūniuotis
niūniuosisi, niūniuotis
niūniuosis, niūniuotis
niūniuosimės, niūniuotis
niūniuositės, niūniuotis
niūniuočiausi, niūniuotis
niūniuotumeisi, niūniuotis
niūniuotųsi, niūniuotis
niūniuotu(mė)mės, niūniuotis
niūniuotu(mė)tės, niūniuotis
noktis, noktis
nokstuosi, noktis
nokstiesi, noktis
nokstasi, noktis
nokstamės, noktis
nokstatės, noktis
noks, noktis
nokitės, noktis
nokimės, noktis
nokausi, noktis
nokaisi, noktis
nokosi, noktis
nokomės, noktis
nokotės, noktis
nokdavausi, noktis
nokdavaisi, noktis
nokdavosi, noktis
nokdavomės, noktis
nokdavotės, noktis
noksiusi, noktis
noksisi, noktis
noksis, noktis
noksimės, noktis
noksitės, noktis
nokčiausi, noktis
noktumeisi, noktis
noktųsi, noktis
noktu(mė)mės, noktis
noktu(mė)tės, noktis
nominuotis, nominuotis
nominuojuosi, nominuotis
nominuojiesi, nominuotis
nominuojasi, nominuotis
nominuojamės, nominuotis
nominuojatės, nominuotis
nominuoks, nominuotis
nominuokitės, nominuotis
nominuokimės, nominuotis
nominavausi, nominuotis
nominavaisi, nominuotis
nominavosi, nominuotis
nominavomės, nominuotis
nominavotės, nominuotis
nominuodavausi, nominuotis
nominuodavaisi, nominuotis
nominuodavosi, nominuotis
nominuodavomės, nominuotis
nominuodavotės, nominuotis
nominuosiusi, nominuotis
nominuosisi, nominuotis
nominuosis, nominuotis
nominuosimės, nominuotis
nominuositės, nominuotis
nominuočiausi, nominuotis
nominuotumeisi, nominuotis
nominuotųsi, nominuotis
nominuotu(mė)mės, nominuotis
nominuotu(mė)tės, nominuotis
norėtis, norėtis
noriusi, norėtis
norisi, norėtis
norisi, norėtis
norimės, norėtis
noritės, norėtis
norėks, norėtis
norėkitės, norėtis
norėkimės, norėtis
norėjausi, norėtis
norėjaisi, norėtis
norėjosi, norėtis
norėjomės, norėtis
norėjotės, norėtis
norėdavausi, norėtis
norėdavaisi, norėtis
norėdavosi, norėtis
norėdavomės, norėtis
norėdavotės, norėtis
norėsiusi, norėtis
norėsisi, norėtis
norėsis, norėtis
norėsimės, norėtis
norėsitės, norėtis
norėčiausi, norėtis
norėtumeisi, norėtis
norėtųsi, norėtis
norėtu(mė)mės, norėtis
norėtu(mė)tės, norėtis
nyktis, nyktis
nykstuosi, nyktis
nykstiesi, nyktis
nykstasi, nyktis
nykstamės, nyktis
nykstatės, nyktis
nyks, nyktis
nykitės, nyktis
nykimės, nyktis
nykausi, nyktis
nykaisi, nyktis
nykosi, nyktis
nykomės, nyktis
nykotės, nyktis
nykdavausi, nyktis
nykdavaisi, nyktis
nykdavosi, nyktis
nykdavomės, nyktis
nykdavotės, nyktis
nyksiusi, nyktis
nyksisi, nyktis
nyksis, nyktis
nyksimės, nyktis
nyksitės, nyktis
nykčiausi, nyktis
nyktumeisi, nyktis
nyktųsi, nyktis
nyktu(mė)mės, nyktis
nyktu(mė)tės, nyktis
obliuotis, obliuotis
obliuojuosi, obliuotis
obliuojiesi, obliuotis
obliuojasi, obliuotis
obliuojamės, obliuotis
obliuojatės, obliuotis
obliuoks, obliuotis
obliuokitės, obliuotis
obliuokimės, obliuotis
obliavausi, obliuotis
obliavaisi, obliuotis
obliavosi, obliuotis
obliavomės, obliuotis
obliavotės, obliuotis
obliuodavausi, obliuotis
obliuodavaisi, obliuotis
obliuodavosi, obliuotis
obliuodavomės, obliuotis
obliuodavotės, obliuotis
obliuosiusi, obliuotis
obliuosisi, obliuotis
obliuosis, obliuotis
obliuosimės, obliuotis
obliuositės, obliuotis
obliuočiausi, obliuotis
obliuotumeisi, obliuotis
obliuotųsi, obliuotis
obliuotu(mė)mės, obliuotis
obliuotu(mė)tės, obliuotis
obuoliautis, obuoliautis
obuoliaujuosi, obuoliautis
obuoliaujiesi, obuoliautis
obuoliaujasi, obuoliautis
obuoliaujamės, obuoliautis
obuoliaujatės, obuoliautis
obuoliauks, obuoliautis
obuoliaukitės, obuoliautis
obuoliaukimės, obuoliautis
obuoliavausi, obuoliautis
obuoliavaisi, obuoliautis
obuoliavosi, obuoliautis
obuoliavomės, obuoliautis
obuoliavotės, obuoliautis
obuoliaudavausi, obuoliautis
obuoliaudavaisi, obuoliautis
obuoliaudavosi, obuoliautis
obuoliaudavomės, obuoliautis
obuoliaudavotės, obuoliautis
obuoliausiusi, obuoliautis
obuoliausisi, obuoliautis
obuoliausis, obuoliautis
obuoliausimės, obuoliautis
obuoliausitės, obuoliautis
obuoliaučiausi, obuoliautis
obuoliautumeisi, obuoliautis
obuoliautųsi, obuoliautis
obuoliautu(mė)mės, obuoliautis
obuoliautu(mė)tės, obuoliautis
okupuotis, okupuotis
okupuojuosi, okupuotis
okupuojiesi, okupuotis
okupuojasi, okupuotis
okupuojamės, okupuotis
okupuojatės, okupuotis
okupuoks, okupuotis
okupuokitės, okupuotis
okupuokimės, okupuotis
okupavausi, okupuotis
okupavaisi, okupuotis
okupavosi, okupuotis
okupavomės, okupuotis
okupavotės, okupuotis
okupuodavausi, okupuotis
okupuodavaisi, okupuotis
okupuodavosi, okupuotis
okupuodavomės, okupuotis
okupuodavotės, okupuotis
okupuosiusi, okupuotis
okupuosisi, okupuotis
okupuosis, okupuotis
okupuosimės, okupuotis
okupuositės, okupuotis
okupuočiausi, okupuotis
okupuotumeisi, okupuotis
okupuotųsi, okupuotis
okupuotu(mė)mės, okupuotis
okupuotu(mė)tės, okupuotis
organizuotis, organizuotis
organizuojuosi, organizuotis
organizuojiesi, organizuotis
organizuojasi, organizuotis
organizuojamės, organizuotis
organizuojatės, organizuotis
organizuoks, organizuotis
organizuokitės, organizuotis
organizuokimės, organizuotis
organizavausi, organizuotis
organizavaisi, organizuotis
organizavosi, organizuotis
organizavomės, organizuotis
organizavotės, organizuotis
organizuodavausi, organizuotis
organizuodavaisi, organizuotis
organizuodavosi, organizuotis
organizuodavomės, organizuotis
organizuodavotės, organizuotis
organizuosiusi, organizuotis
organizuosisi, organizuotis
organizuosis, organizuotis
organizuosimės, organizuotis
organizuositės, organizuotis
organizuočiausi, organizuotis
organizuotumeisi, organizuotis
organizuotųsi, organizuotis
organizuotu(mė)mės, organizuotis
organizuotu(mė)tės, organizuotis
orientuotis, orientuotis
orientuojuosi, orientuotis
orientuojiesi, orientuotis
orientuojasi, orientuotis
orientuojamės, orientuotis
orientuojatės, orientuotis
orientuoks, orientuotis
orientuokitės, orientuotis
orientuokimės, orientuotis
orientavausi, orientuotis
orientavaisi, orientuotis
orientavosi, orientuotis
orientavomės, orientuotis
orientavotės, orientuotis
orientuodavausi, orientuotis
orientuodavaisi, orientuotis
orientuodavosi, orientuotis
orientuodavomės, orientuotis
orientuodavotės, orientuotis
orientuosiusi, orientuotis
orientuosisi, orientuotis
orientuosis, orientuotis
orientuosimės, orientuotis
orientuositės, orientuotis
orientuočiausi, orientuotis
orientuotumeisi, orientuotis
orientuotųsi, orientuotis
orientuotu(mė)mės, orientuotis
orientuotu(mė)tės, orientuotis
oštis, oštis
ošiuosi, oštis
ošiesi, oštis
ošiasi, oštis
ošiamės, oštis
ošiatės, oštis
ošks, oštis
oškitės, oštis
oškimės, oštis
ošiausi, oštis
ošeisi, oštis
ošėsi, oštis
ošėmės, oštis
ošėtės, oštis
ošdavausi, oštis
ošdavaisi, oštis
ošdavosi, oštis
ošdavomės, oštis
ošdavotės, oštis
oššiusi, oštis
oššisi, oštis
oššis, oštis
oššimės, oštis
oššitės, oštis
oščiausi, oštis
oštumeisi, oštis
oštųsi, oštis
oštu(mė)mės, oštis
oštu(mė)tės, oštis
pėdintis, pėdintis
pėdinuosi, pėdintis
pėdiniesi, pėdintis
pėdinasi, pėdintis
pėdinamės, pėdintis
pėdinatės, pėdintis
pėdinks, pėdintis
pėdinkitės, pėdintis
pėdinkimės, pėdintis
pėdinausi, pėdintis
pėdinaisi, pėdintis
pėdinosi, pėdintis
pėdinomės, pėdintis
pėdinotės, pėdintis
pėdindavausi, pėdintis
pėdindavaisi, pėdintis
pėdindavosi, pėdintis
pėdindavomės, pėdintis
pėdindavotės, pėdintis
pėdinsiusi, pėdintis
pėdinsisi, pėdintis
pėdinsis, pėdintis
pėdinsimės, pėdintis
pėdinsitės, pėdintis
pėdinčiausi, pėdintis
pėdintumeisi, pėdintis
pėdintųsi, pėdintis
pėdintu(mė)mės, pėdintis
pėdintu(mė)tės, pėdintis
peiktis, peiktis
peikiuosi, peiktis
peikiesi, peiktis
peikiasi, peiktis
peikiamės, peiktis
peikiatės, peiktis
peiks, peiktis
peikitės, peiktis
peikimės, peiktis
peikiausi, peiktis
peikeisi, peiktis
peikėsi, peiktis
peikėmės, peiktis
peikėtės, peiktis
peikdavausi, peiktis
peikdavaisi, peiktis
peikdavosi, peiktis
peikdavomės, peiktis
peikdavotės, peiktis
peiksiusi, peiktis
peiksisi, peiktis
peiksis, peiktis
peiksimės, peiktis
peiksitės, peiktis
peikčiausi, peiktis
peiktumeisi, peiktis
peiktųsi, peiktis
peiktu(mė)mės, peiktis
peiktu(mė)tės, peiktis
pelnytis, pelnytis
pelnausi, pelnytis
pelnaisi, pelnytis
pelnosi, pelnytis
pelnomės, pelnytis
pelnotės, pelnytis
pelnyks, pelnytis
pelnykitės, pelnytis
pelnykimės, pelnytis
pelniausi, pelnytis
pelneisi, pelnytis
pelnėsi, pelnytis
pelnėmės, pelnytis
pelnėtės, pelnytis
pelnydavausi, pelnytis
pelnydavaisi, pelnytis
pelnydavosi, pelnytis
pelnydavomės, pelnytis
pelnydavotės, pelnytis
pelnysiusi, pelnytis
pelnysisi, pelnytis
pelnysis, pelnytis
pelnysimės, pelnytis
pelnysitės, pelnytis
pelnyčiausi, pelnytis
pelnytumeisi, pelnytis
pelnytųsi, pelnytis
pelnytu(mė)mės, pelnytis
pelnytu(mė)tės, pelnytis
pešiotis, pešiotis
pešiojuosi, pešiotis
pešiojiesi, pešiotis
pešiojasi, pešiotis
pešiojamės, pešiotis
pešiojatės, pešiotis
pešioks, pešiotis
pešiokitės, pešiotis
pešiokimės, pešiotis
pešiojausi, pešiotis
pešiojaisi, pešiotis
pešiojosi, pešiotis
pešiojomės, pešiotis
pešiojotės, pešiotis
pešiodavausi, pešiotis
pešiodavaisi, pešiotis
pešiodavosi, pešiotis
pešiodavomės, pešiotis
pešiodavotės, pešiotis
pešiosiusi, pešiotis
pešiosisi, pešiotis
pešiosis, pešiotis
pešiosimės, pešiotis
pešiositės, pešiotis
pešiočiausi, pešiotis
pešiotumeisi, pešiotis
pešiotųsi, pešiotis
pešiotu(mė)mės, pešiotis
pešiotu(mė)tės, pešiotis
peštis, peštis
pešuosi, peštis
pešiesi, peštis
pešasi, peštis
pešamės, peštis
pešatės, peštis
pešks, peštis
peškitės, peštis
peškimės, peštis
pešiausi, peštis
pešeisi, peštis
pešėsi, peštis
pešėmės, peštis
pešėtės, peštis
pešdavausi, peštis
pešdavaisi, peštis
pešdavosi, peštis
pešdavomės, peštis
pešdavotės, peštis
peššiusi, peštis
peššisi, peštis
peššis, peštis
peššimės, peštis
peššitės, peštis
peščiausi, peštis
peštumeisi, peštis
peštųsi, peštis
peštu(mė)mės, peštis
peštu(mė)tės, peštis
piestis, piestis
piečiuosi, piestis
piečiesi, piestis
piečiasi, piestis
piečiamės, piestis
piečiatės, piestis
piesks, piestis
pieskitės, piestis
pieskimės, piestis
pieteisi, piestis
pietėsi, piestis
pietėmės, piestis
pietėtės, piestis
piesdavausi, piestis
piesdavaisi, piestis
piesdavosi, piestis
piesdavomės, piestis
piesdavotės, piestis
piesiusi, piestis
piesisi, piestis
piesis, piestis
piesimės, piestis
piesitės, piestis
piesčiausi, piestis
piestumeisi, piestis
piestųsi, piestis
piestu(mė)mės, piestis
piestu(mė)tės, piestis
pieštis, pieštis
piešiuosi, pieštis
piešiesi, pieštis
piešiasi, pieštis
piešiamės, pieštis
piešiatės, pieštis
piešks, pieštis
pieškitės, pieštis
pieškimės, pieštis
piešiausi, pieštis
piešeisi, pieštis
piešėsi, pieštis
piešėmės, pieštis
piešėtės, pieštis
piešdavausi, pieštis
piešdavaisi, pieštis
piešdavosi, pieštis
piešdavomės, pieštis
piešdavotės, pieštis
pieššiusi, pieštis
pieššisi, pieštis
pieššis, pieštis
pieššimės, pieštis
pieššitės, pieštis
pieščiausi, pieštis
pieštumeisi, pieštis
pieštųsi, pieštis
pieštu(mė)mės, pieštis
pieštu(mė)tės, pieštis
pietautis, pietautis
pietaujuosi, pietautis
pietaujiesi, pietautis
pietaujasi, pietautis
pietaujamės, pietautis
pietaujatės, pietautis
pietauks, pietautis
pietaukitės, pietautis
pietaukimės, pietautis
pietavausi, pietautis
pietavaisi, pietautis
pietavosi, pietautis
pietavomės, pietautis
pietavotės, pietautis
pietaudavausi, pietautis
pietaudavaisi, pietautis
pietaudavosi, pietautis
pietaudavomės, pietautis
pietaudavotės, pietautis
pietausiusi, pietautis
pietausisi, pietautis
pietausis, pietautis
pietausimės, pietautis
pietausitės, pietautis
pietaučiausi, pietautis
pietautumeisi, pietautis
pietautųsi, pietautis
pietautu(mė)mės, pietautis
pietautu(mė)tės, pietautis
pigtis, pigtis
pinguosi, pigtis
pingiesi, pigtis
pingasi, pigtis
pingamės, pigtis
pingatės, pigtis
piks, pigtis
pikitės, pigtis
pikimės, pigtis
pigausi, pigtis
pigaisi, pigtis
pigosi, pigtis
pigomės, pigtis
pigotės, pigtis
pigdavausi, pigtis
pigdavaisi, pigtis
pigdavosi, pigtis
pigdavomės, pigtis
pigdavotės, pigtis
pigsiusi, pigtis
pigsisi, pigtis
pigsis, pigtis
pigsimės, pigtis
pigsitės, pigtis
pigčiausi, pigtis
pigtumeisi, pigtis
pigtųsi, pigtis
pigtu(mė)mės, pigtis
pigtu(mė)tės, pigtis
piktintis, piktintis
piktinuosi, piktintis
piktiniesi, piktintis
piktinasi, piktintis
piktinamės, piktintis
piktinatės, piktintis
piktinks, piktintis
piktinkitės, piktintis
piktinkimės, piktintis
piktinausi, piktintis
piktinaisi, piktintis
piktinosi, piktintis
piktinomės, piktintis
piktinotės, piktintis
piktindavausi, piktintis
piktindavaisi, piktintis
piktindavosi, piktintis
piktindavomės, piktintis
piktindavotės, piktintis
piktinsiusi, piktintis
piktinsisi, piktintis
piktinsis, piktintis
piktinsimės, piktintis
piktinsitės, piktintis
piktinčiausi, piktintis
piktintumeisi, piktintis
piktintųsi, piktintis
piktintu(mė)mės, piktintis
piktintu(mė)tės, piktintis
piktnaudžiautis, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaujuosi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaujiesi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaujasi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaujamės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaujatės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiauks, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaukitės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaukimės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiavausi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiavaisi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiavosi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiavomės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiavotės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaudavausi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaudavaisi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaudavosi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaudavomės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaudavotės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiausiusi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiausisi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiausis, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiausimės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiausitės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiaučiausi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiautumeisi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiautųsi, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiautu(mė)mės, piktnaudžiautis
piktnaudžiautu(mė)tės, piktnaudžiautis
pildytis, pildytis
pildžausi, pildytis
pildaisi, pildytis
pildosi, pildytis
pildomės, pildytis
pildotės, pildytis
pildyks, pildytis
pildykitės, pildytis
pildykimės, pildytis
pildeisi, pildytis
pildėsi, pildytis
pildėmės, pildytis
pildėtės, pildytis
pildydavausi, pildytis
pildydavaisi, pildytis
pildydavosi, pildytis
pildydavomės, pildytis
pildydavotės, pildytis
pildysiusi, pildytis
pildysisi, pildytis
pildysis, pildytis
pildysimės, pildytis
pildysitės, pildytis
pildyčiausi, pildytis
pildytumeisi, pildytis
pildytųsi, pildytis
pildytu(mė)mės, pildytis
pildytu(mė)tės, pildytis
pilkuotis, pilkuotis
pilkuojuosi, pilkuotis
pilkuojiesi, pilkuotis
pilkuojasi, pilkuotis
pilkuojamės, pilkuotis
pilkuojatės, pilkuotis
pilkuoks, pilkuotis
pilkuokitės, pilkuotis
pilkuokimės, pilkuotis
pilkavausi, pilkuotis
pilkavaisi, pilkuotis
pilkavosi, pilkuotis
pilkavomės, pilkuotis
pilkavotės, pilkuotis
pilkuodavausi, pilkuotis
pilkuodavaisi, pilkuotis
pilkuodavosi, pilkuotis
pilkuodavomės, pilkuotis
pilkuodavotės, pilkuotis
pilkuosiusi, pilkuotis
pilkuosisi, pilkuotis
pilkuosis, pilkuotis
pilkuosimės, pilkuotis
pilkuositės, pilkuotis
pilkuočiausi, pilkuotis
pilkuotumeisi, pilkuotis
pilkuotųsi, pilkuotis
pilkuotu(mė)mės, pilkuotis
pilkuotu(mė)tės, pilkuotis
piltis, piltis
piluosi, piltis
piliesi, piltis
pilasi, piltis
pilamės, piltis
pilatės, piltis
pilks, piltis
pilkitės, piltis
pilkimės, piltis
pyliausi, piltis
pyleisi, piltis
pylėsi, piltis
pylėmės, piltis
pylėtės, piltis
pildavausi, piltis
pildavaisi, piltis
pildavosi, piltis
pildavomės, piltis
pildavotės, piltis
pilsiusi, piltis
pilsisi, piltis
pilsis, piltis
pilsimės, piltis
pilsitės, piltis
pilčiausi, piltis
piltumeisi, piltis
piltųsi, piltis
piltu(mė)mės, piltis
piltu(mė)tės, piltis
pintis, pintis
pinuosi, pintis
piniesi, pintis
pinasi, pintis
pinamės, pintis
pinatės, pintis
pinks, pintis
pinkitės, pintis
pinkimės, pintis
pyniausi, pintis
pyneisi, pintis
pynėsi, pintis
pynėmės, pintis
pynėtės, pintis
pindavausi, pintis
pindavaisi, pintis
pindavosi, pintis
pindavomės, pintis
pindavotės, pintis
pinsiusi, pintis
pinsisi, pintis
pinsis, pintis
pinsimės, pintis
pinsitės, pintis
pinčiausi, pintis
pintumeisi, pintis
pintųsi, pintis
pintu(mė)mės, pintis
pintu(mė)tės, pintis
piratautis, piratautis
pirataujuosi, piratautis
pirataujiesi, piratautis
pirataujasi, piratautis
pirataujamės, piratautis
pirataujatės, piratautis
piratauks, piratautis
pirataukitės, piratautis
pirataukimės, piratautis
piratavausi, piratautis
piratavaisi, piratautis
piratavosi, piratautis
piratavomės, piratautis
piratavotės, piratautis
pirataudavausi, piratautis
pirataudavaisi, piratautis
pirataudavosi, piratautis
pirataudavomės, piratautis
pirataudavotės, piratautis
piratausiusi, piratautis
piratausisi, piratautis
piratausis, piratautis
piratausimės, piratautis
piratausitės, piratautis
pirataučiausi, piratautis
piratautumeisi, piratautis
piratautųsi, piratautis
piratautu(mė)mės, piratautis
piratautu(mė)tės, piratautis
pirkinėtis, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjuosi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjiesi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjasi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjamės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjatės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėks, pirkinėtis
pirkinėkitės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėkimės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjausi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjaisi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjosi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjomės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėjotės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėdavausi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėdavaisi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėdavosi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėdavomės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėdavotės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėsiusi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėsisi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėsis, pirkinėtis
pirkinėsimės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėsitės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėčiausi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėtumeisi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėtųsi, pirkinėtis
pirkinėtu(mė)mės, pirkinėtis
pirkinėtu(mė)tės, pirkinėtis
pirktis, pirktis
perkuosi, pirktis
perkiesi, pirktis
perkasi, pirktis
perkamės, pirktis
perkatės, pirktis
pirks, pirktis
pirkitės, pirktis
pirkimės, pirktis
pirkausi, pirktis
pirkaisi, pirktis
pirkosi, pirktis
pirkomės, pirktis
pirkotės, pirktis
pirkdavausi, pirktis
pirkdavaisi, pirktis
pirkdavosi, pirktis
pirkdavomės, pirktis
pirkdavotės, pirktis
pirksiusi, pirktis
pirksisi, pirktis
pirksis, pirktis
pirksimės, pirktis
pirksitės, pirktis
pirkčiausi, pirktis
pirktumeisi, pirktis
pirktųsi, pirktis
pirktu(mė)mės, pirktis
pirktu(mė)tės, pirktis
pirmautis, pirmautis
pirmaujuosi, pirmautis
pirmaujiesi, pirmautis
pirmaujasi, pirmautis
pirmaujamės, pirmautis
pirmaujatės, pirmautis
pirmauks, pirmautis
pirmaukitės, pirmautis
pirmaukimės, pirmautis
pirmavausi, pirmautis
pirmavaisi, pirmautis
pirmavosi, pirmautis
pirmavomės, pirmautis
pirmavotės, pirmautis
pirmaudavausi, pirmautis
pirmaudavaisi, pirmautis
pirmaudavosi, pirmautis
pirmaudavomės, pirmautis
pirmaudavotės, pirmautis
pirmausiusi, pirmautis
pirmausisi, pirmautis
pirmausis, pirmautis
pirmausimės, pirmautis
pirmausitės, pirmautis
pirmaučiausi, pirmautis
pirmautumeisi, pirmautis
pirmautųsi, pirmautis
pirmautu(mė)mės, pirmautis
pirmautu(mė)tės, pirmautis
pirstelėtis, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjuosi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjiesi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjasi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjamės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjatės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėks, pirstelėtis
pirstelėkitės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėkimės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjausi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjaisi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjosi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjomės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėjotės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėdavausi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėdavaisi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėdavosi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėdavomės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėdavotės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėsiusi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėsisi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėsis, pirstelėtis
pirstelėsimės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėsitės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėčiausi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėtumeisi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėtųsi, pirstelėtis
pirstelėtu(mė)mės, pirstelėtis
pirstelėtu(mė)tės, pirstelėtis
pirštis, pirštis
peršuosi, pirštis
peršiesi, pirštis
peršasi, pirštis
peršamės, pirštis
peršatės, pirštis
piršks, pirštis
pirškitės, pirštis
pirškimės, pirštis
piršausi, pirštis
piršaisi, pirštis
piršosi, pirštis
piršomės, pirštis
piršotės, pirštis
piršdavausi, pirštis
piršdavaisi, pirštis
piršdavosi, pirštis
piršdavomės, pirštis
piršdavotės, pirštis
pirššiusi, pirštis
pirššisi, pirštis
pirššis, pirštis
pirššimės, pirštis
pirššitės, pirštis
pirščiausi, pirštis
pirštumeisi, pirštis
pirštųsi, pirštis
pirštu(mė)mės, pirštis
pirštu(mė)tės, pirštis
pistis, pistis
pisuosi, pistis
pisiesi, pistis
pisasi, pistis
pisamės, pistis
pisatės, pistis
pisks, pistis
piskitės, pistis
piskimės, pistis
pisausi, pistis
pisaisi, pistis
pisosi, pistis
pisomės, pistis
pisotės, pistis
pisdavausi, pistis
pisdavaisi, pistis
pisdavosi, pistis
pisdavomės, pistis
pisdavotės, pistis
pisiusi, pistis
pisisi, pistis
pisis, pistis
pisimės, pistis
pisitės, pistis
pisčiausi, pistis
pistumeisi, pistis
pistųsi, pistis
pistu(mė)mės, pistis
pistu(mė)tės, pistis
pjaustytis, pjaustytis
pjaustausi, pjaustytis
pjaustaisi, pjaustytis
pjaustosi, pjaustytis
pjaustomės, pjaustytis
pjaustotės, pjaustytis
pjaustyks, pjaustytis
pjaustykitės, pjaustytis
pjaustykimės, pjaustytis
pjausteisi, pjaustytis
pjaustėsi, pjaustytis
pjaustėmės, pjaustytis
pjaustėtės, pjaustytis
pjaustydavausi, pjaustytis
pjaustydavaisi, pjaustytis
pjaustydavosi, pjaustytis
pjaustydavomės, pjaustytis
pjaustydavotės, pjaustytis
pjaustysiusi, pjaustytis
pjaustysisi, pjaustytis
pjaustysis, pjaustytis
pjaustysimės, pjaustytis
pjaustysitės, pjaustytis
pjaustyčiausi, pjaustytis
pjaustytumeisi, pjaustytis
pjaustytųsi, pjaustytis
pjaustytu(mė)mės, pjaustytis
pjaustytu(mė)tės, pjaustytis
pjautis, pjautis
pjaunuosi, pjautis
pjauniesi, pjautis
pjaunasi, pjautis
pjaunamės, pjautis
pjaunatės, pjautis
pjauks, pjautis
pjaukitės, pjautis
pjaukimės, pjautis
pjoviausi, pjautis
pjoveisi, pjautis
pjovėsi, pjautis
pjovėmės, pjautis
pjovėtės, pjautis
pjaudavausi, pjautis
pjaudavaisi, pjautis
pjaudavosi, pjautis
pjaudavomės, pjautis
pjaudavotės, pjautis
pjausiusi, pjautis
pjausisi, pjautis
pjausis, pjautis
pjausimės, pjautis
pjausitės, pjautis
pjaučiausi, pjautis
pjautumeisi, pjautis
pjautųsi, pjautis
pjautu(mė)mės, pjautis
pjautu(mė)tės, pjautis
plaktis, plaktis
plakuosi, plaktis
plakiesi, plaktis
plakasi, plaktis
plakamės, plaktis
plakatės, plaktis
plaks, plaktis
plakitės, plaktis
plakimės, plaktis
plakiausi, plaktis
plakeisi, plaktis
plakėsi, plaktis
plakėmės, plaktis
plakėtės, plaktis
plakdavausi, plaktis
plakdavaisi, plaktis
plakdavosi, plaktis
plakdavomės, plaktis
plakdavotės, plaktis
plaksiusi, plaktis
plaksisi, plaktis
plaksis, plaktis
plaksimės, plaktis
plaksitės, plaktis
plakčiausi, plaktis
plaktumeisi, plaktis
plaktųsi, plaktis
plaktu(mė)mės, plaktis
plaktu(mė)tės, plaktis
planiruotis, planiruotis
planiruojuosi, planiruotis
planiruojiesi, planiruotis
planiruojasi, planiruotis
planiruojamės, planiruotis
planiruojatės, planiruotis
planiruoks, planiruotis
planiruokitės, planiruotis
planiruokimės, planiruotis
planiravausi, planiruotis
planiravaisi, planiruotis
planiravosi, planiruotis
planiravomės, planiruotis
planiravotės, planiruotis
planiruodavausi, planiruotis
planiruodavaisi, planiruotis
planiruodavosi, planiruotis
planiruodavomės, planiruotis
planiruodavotės, planiruotis
planiruosiusi, planiruotis
planiruosisi, planiruotis
planiruosis, planiruotis
planiruosimės, planiruotis
planiruositės, planiruotis
planiruočiausi, planiruotis
planiruotumeisi, planiruotis
planiruotųsi, planiruotis
planiruotu(mė)mės, planiruotis
planiruotu(mė)tės, planiruotis
planuotis, planuotis
planuojuosi, planuotis
planuojiesi, planuotis
planuojasi, planuotis
planuojamės, planuotis
planuojatės, planuotis
planuoks, planuotis
planuokitės, planuotis
planuokimės, planuotis
planavausi, planuotis
planavaisi, planuotis
planavosi, planuotis
planavomės, planuotis
planavotės, planuotis
planuodavausi, planuotis
planuodavaisi, planuotis
planuodavosi, planuotis
planuodavomės, planuotis
planuodavotės, planuotis
planuosiusi, planuotis
planuosisi, planuotis
planuosis, planuotis
planuosimės, planuotis
planuositės, planuotis
planuočiausi, planuotis
planuotumeisi, planuotis
planuotųsi, planuotis
planuotu(mė)mės, planuotis
planuotu(mė)tės, planuotis
plasnotis, plasnotis
plasnojuosi, plasnotis
plasnojiesi, plasnotis
plasnojasi, plasnotis
plasnojamės, plasnotis
plasnojatės, plasnotis
plasnoks, plasnotis
plasnokitės, plasnotis
plasnokimės, plasnotis
plasnojausi, plasnotis
plasnojaisi, plasnotis
plasnojosi, plasnotis
plasnojomės, plasnotis
plasnojotės, plasnotis
plasnodavausi, plasnotis
plasnodavaisi, plasnotis
plasnodavosi, plasnotis
plasnodavomės, plasnotis
plasnodavotės, plasnotis
plasnosiusi, plasnotis
plasnosisi, plasnotis
plasnosis, plasnotis
plasnosimės, plasnotis
plasnositės, plasnotis
plasnočiausi, plasnotis
plasnotumeisi, plasnotis
plasnotųsi, plasnotis
plasnotu(mė)mės, plasnotis
plasnotu(mė)tės, plasnotis
platintis, platintis
platinuosi, platintis
platiniesi, platintis
platinasi, platintis
platinamės, platintis
platinatės, platintis
platinks, platintis
platinkitės, platintis
platinkimės, platintis
platinausi, platintis
platinaisi, platintis
platinosi, platintis
platinomės, platintis
platinotės, platintis
platindavausi, platintis
platindavaisi, platintis
platindavosi, platintis
platindavomės, platintis
platindavotės, platintis
platinsiusi, platintis
platinsisi, platintis
platinsis, platintis
platinsimės, platintis
platinsitės, platintis
platinčiausi, platintis
platintumeisi, platintis
platintųsi, platintis
platintu(mė)mės, platintis
platintu(mė)tės, platintis
plaukiotis, plaukiotis
plaukiojuosi, plaukiotis
plaukiojiesi, plaukiotis
plaukiojasi, plaukiotis
plaukiojamės, plaukiotis
plaukiojatės, plaukiotis
plaukioks, plaukiotis
plaukiokitės, plaukiotis
plaukiokimės, plaukiotis
plaukiojausi, plaukiotis
plaukiojaisi, plaukiotis
plaukiojosi, plaukiotis
plaukiojomės, plaukiotis
plaukiojotės, plaukiotis
plaukiodavausi, plaukiotis
plaukiodavaisi, plaukiotis
plaukiodavosi, plaukiotis
plaukiodavomės, plaukiotis
plaukiodavotės, plaukiotis
plaukiosiusi, plaukiotis
plaukiosisi, plaukiotis
plaukiosis, plaukiotis
plaukiosimės, plaukiotis
plaukiositės, plaukiotis
plaukiočiausi, plaukiotis
plaukiotumeisi, plaukiotis
plaukiotųsi, plaukiotis
plaukiotu(mė)mės, plaukiotis
plaukiotu(mė)tės, plaukiotis
plauktis, plauktis
plaukiuosi, plauktis
plaukiesi, plauktis
plaukiasi, plauktis
plaukiamės, plauktis
plaukiatės, plauktis
plauks, plauktis
plaukitės, plauktis
plaukimės, plauktis
plaukiausi, plauktis
plaukeisi, plauktis
plaukėsi, plauktis
plaukėmės, plauktis
plaukėtės, plauktis
plaukdavausi, plauktis
plaukdavaisi, plauktis
plaukdavosi, plauktis
plaukdavomės, plauktis
plaukdavotės, plauktis
plauksiusi, plauktis
plauksisi, plauktis
plauksis, plauktis
plauksimės, plauktis
plauksitės, plauktis
plaukčiausi, plauktis
plauktumeisi, plauktis
plauktųsi, plauktis
plauktu(mė)mės, plauktis
plauktu(mė)tės, plauktis
plaukytis, plaukytis
plaukausi, plaukytis
plaukaisi, plaukytis
plaukosi, plaukytis
plaukomės, plaukytis
plaukotės, plaukytis
plaukyks, plaukytis
plaukykitės, plaukytis
plaukykimės, plaukytis
plaukiausi, plaukytis
plaukeisi, plaukytis
plaukėsi, plaukytis
plaukėmės, plaukytis
plaukėtės, plaukytis
plaukydavausi, plaukytis
plaukydavaisi, plaukytis
plaukydavosi, plaukytis
plaukydavomės, plaukytis
plaukydavotės, plaukytis
plaukysiusi, plaukytis
plaukysisi, plaukytis
plaukysis, plaukytis
plaukysimės, plaukytis
plaukysitės, plaukytis
plaukyčiausi, plaukytis
plaukytumeisi, plaukytis
plaukytųsi, plaukytis
plaukytu(mė)mės, plaukytis
plaukytu(mė)tės, plaukytis
plautis, plautis
plaunuosi, plautis
plauniesi, plautis
plaunasi, plautis
plaunamės, plautis
plaunatės, plautis
plauks, plautis
plaukitės, plautis
plaukimės, plautis
ploviausi, plautis
ploveisi, plautis
plovėsi, plautis
plovėmės, plautis
plovėtės, plautis
plaudavausi, plautis
plaudavaisi, plautis
plaudavosi, plautis
plaudavomės, plautis
plaudavotės, plautis
plausiusi, plautis
plausisi, plautis
plausis, plautis
plausimės, plautis
plausitės, plautis
plaučiausi, plautis
plautumeisi, plautis
plautųsi, plautis
plautu(mė)mės, plautis
plautu(mė)tės, plautis
pleiskanotis, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojuosi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojiesi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojasi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojamės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojatės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanoks, pleiskanotis
pleiskanokitės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanokimės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojausi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojaisi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojosi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojomės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanojotės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanodavausi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanodavaisi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanodavosi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanodavomės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanodavotės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanosiusi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanosisi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanosis, pleiskanotis
pleiskanosimės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanositės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanočiausi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanotumeisi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanotųsi, pleiskanotis
pleiskanotu(mė)mės, pleiskanotis
pleiskanotu(mė)tės, pleiskanotis
plepėtis, plepėtis
plepuosi, plepėtis
plepiesi, plepėtis
plepasi, plepėtis
plepamės, plepėtis
plepatės, plepėtis
plepėks, plepėtis
plepėkitės, plepėtis
plepėkimės, plepėtis
plepėjausi, plepėtis
plepėjaisi, plepėtis
plepėjosi, plepėtis
plepėjomės, plepėtis
plepėjotės, plepėtis
plepėdavausi, plepėtis
plepėdavaisi, plepėtis
plepėdavosi, plepėtis
plepėdavomės, plepėtis
plepėdavotės, plepėtis
plepėsiusi, plepėtis
plepėsisi, plepėtis
plepėsis, plepėtis
plepėsimės, plepėtis
plepėsitės, plepėtis
plepėčiausi, plepėtis
plepėtumeisi, plepėtis
plepėtųsi, plepėtis
plepėtu(mė)mės, plepėtis
plepėtu(mė)tės, plepėtis
plėpėtis, plėpėtis
plepuosi, plėpėtis
plepiesi, plėpėtis
plepasi, plėpėtis
plepamės, plėpėtis
plepatės, plėpėtis
plėpėks, plėpėtis
plėpėkitės, plėpėtis
plėpėkimės, plėpėtis
plepėjausi, plėpėtis
plepėjaisi, plėpėtis
plepėjosi, plėpėtis
plepėjomės, plėpėtis
plepėjotės, plėpėtis
plėpėdavausi, plėpėtis
plėpėdavaisi, plėpėtis
plėpėdavosi, plėpėtis
plėpėdavomės, plėpėtis
plėpėdavotės, plėpėtis
plėpėsiusi, plėpėtis
plėpėsisi, plėpėtis
plėpėsis, plėpėtis
plėpėsimės, plėpėtis
plėpėsitės, plėpėtis
plėpėčiausi, plėpėtis
plėpėtumeisi, plėpėtis
plėpėtųsi, plėpėtis
plėpėtu(mė)mės, plėpėtis
plėpėtu(mė)tės, plėpėtis
plėšikautis, plėšikautis
plėšikaujuosi, plėšikautis
plėšikaujiesi, plėšikautis
plėšikaujasi, plėšikautis
plėšikaujamės, plėšikautis
plėšikaujatės, plėšikautis
plėšikauks, plėšikautis
plėšikaukitės, plėšikautis
plėšikaukimės, plėšikautis
plėšikavausi, plėšikautis
plėšikavaisi, plėšikautis
plėšikavosi, plėšikautis
plėšikavomės, plėšikautis
plėšikavotės, plėšikautis
plėšikaudavausi, plėšikautis
plėšikaudavaisi, plėšikautis
plėšikaudavosi, plėšikautis
plėšikaudavomės, plėšikautis
plėšikaudavotės, plėšikautis
plėšikausiusi, plėšikautis
plėšikausisi, plėšikautis
plėšikausis, plėšikautis
plėšikausimės, plėšikautis
plėšikausitės, plėšikautis
plėšikaučiausi, plėšikautis
plėšikautumeisi, plėšikautis
plėšikautųsi, plėšikautis
plėšikautu(mė)mės, plėšikautis
plėšikautu(mė)tės, plėšikautis
pleškėtis, pleškėtis
pleškuosi, pleškėtis
pleškiesi, pleškėtis
pleškasi, pleškėtis
pleškamės, pleškėtis
pleškatės, pleškėtis
pleškėks, pleškėtis
pleškėkitės, pleškėtis
pleškėkimės, pleškėtis
pleškėjausi, pleškėtis
pleškėjaisi, pleškėtis
pleškėjosi, pleškėtis
pleškėjomės, pleškėtis
pleškėjotės, pleškėtis
pleškėdavausi, pleškėtis
pleškėdavaisi, pleškėtis
pleškėdavosi, pleškėtis
pleškėdavomės, pleškėtis
pleškėdavotės, pleškėtis
pleškėsiusi, pleškėtis
pleškėsisi, pleškėtis
pleškėsis, pleškėtis
pleškėsimės, pleškėtis
pleškėsitės, pleškėtis
pleškėčiausi, pleškėtis
pleškėtumeisi, pleškėtis
pleškėtųsi, pleškėtis
pleškėtu(mė)mės, pleškėtis
pleškėtu(mė)tės, pleškėtis
plėstis, plėstis
plečiuosi, plėstis
plečiesi, plėstis
plečiasi, plėstis
plečiamės, plėstis
plečiatės, plėstis
plėsks, plėstis
plėskitės, plėstis
plėskimės, plėstis
plėteisi, plėstis
plėtėsi, plėstis
plėtėmės, plėstis
plėtėtės, plėstis
plėsdavausi, plėstis
plėsdavaisi, plėstis
plėsdavosi, plėstis
plėsdavomės, plėstis
plėsdavotės, plėstis
plėsiusi, plėstis
plėsisi, plėstis
plėsis, plėstis
plėsimės, plėstis
plėsitės, plėstis
plėsčiausi, plėstis
plėstumeisi, plėstis
plėstųsi, plėstis
plėstu(mė)mės, plėstis
plėstu(mė)tės, plėstis
plėštis, plėštis
pleškuosi, plėštis
pleškiesi, plėštis
pleškasi, plėštis
pleškamės, plėštis
pleškatės, plėštis
plėšks, plėštis
plėškitės, plėštis
plėškimės, plėštis
pleškėjausi, plėštis
pleškėjaisi, plėštis
pleškėjosi, plėštis
pleškėjomės, plėštis
pleškėjotės, plėštis
plėšdavausi, plėštis
plėšdavaisi, plėštis
plėšdavosi, plėštis
plėšdavomės, plėštis
plėšdavotės, plėštis
plėššiusi, plėštis
plėššisi, plėštis
plėššis, plėštis
plėššimės, plėštis
plėššitės, plėštis
plėščiausi, plėštis
plėštumeisi, plėštis
plėštųsi, plėštis
plėštu(mė)mės, plėštis
plėštu(mė)tės, plėštis
plėšytis, plėšytis
plėšausi, plėšytis
plėšaisi, plėšytis
plėšosi, plėšytis
plėšomės, plėšytis
plėšotės, plėšytis
plėšyks, plėšytis
plėšykitės, plėšytis
plėšykimės, plėšytis
plėšiausi, plėšytis
plėšeisi, plėšytis
plėšėsi, plėšytis
plėšėmės, plėšytis
plėšėtės, plėšytis
plėšydavausi, plėšytis
plėšydavaisi, plėšytis
plėšydavosi, plėšytis
plėšydavomės, plėšytis
plėšydavotės, plėšytis
plėšysiusi, plėšytis
plėšysisi, plėšytis
plėšysis, plėšytis
plėšysimės, plėšytis
plėšysitės, plėšytis
plėšyčiausi, plėšytis
plėšytumeisi, plėšytis
plėšytųsi, plėšytis
plėšytu(mė)mės, plėšytis
plėšytu(mė)tės, plėšytis
plėtotis, plėtotis
plėtojuosi, plėtotis
plėtojiesi, plėtotis
plėtojasi, plėtotis
plėtojamės, plėtotis
plėtojatės, plėtotis
plėtoks, plėtotis
plėtokitės, plėtotis
plėtokimės, plėtotis
plėtojausi, plėtotis
plėtojaisi, plėtotis
plėtojosi, plėtotis
plėtojomės, plėtotis
plėtojotės, plėtotis
plėtodavausi, plėtotis
plėtodavaisi, plėtotis
plėtodavosi, plėtotis
plėtodavomės, plėtotis
plėtodavotės, plėtotis
plėtosiusi, plėtotis
plėtosisi, plėtotis
plėtosis, plėtotis
plėtosimės, plėtotis
plėtositės, plėtotis
plėtočiausi, plėtotis
plėtotumeisi, plėtotis
plėtotųsi, plėtotis
plėtotu(mė)mės, plėtotis
plėtotu(mė)tės, plėtotis
pleventis, pleventis
plevenuosi, pleventis
pleveniesi, pleventis
plevenasi, pleventis
plevenamės, pleventis
plevenatės, pleventis
plevenks, pleventis
plevenkitės, pleventis
plevenkimės, pleventis
plevenausi, pleventis
plevenaisi, pleventis
plevenosi, pleventis
plevenomės, pleventis
plevenotės, pleventis
plevendavausi, pleventis
plevendavaisi, pleventis
plevendavosi, pleventis
plevendavomės, pleventis
plevendavotės, pleventis
plevensiusi, pleventis
plevensisi, pleventis
plevensis, pleventis
plevensimės, pleventis
plevensitės, pleventis
plevenčiausi, pleventis
pleventumeisi, pleventis
pleventųsi, pleventis
pleventu(mė)mės, pleventis
pleventu(mė)tės, pleventis
plevėsuotis, plevėsuotis
plevėsuojuosi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuojiesi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuojasi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuojamės, plevėsuotis
plevėsuojatės, plevėsuotis
plevėsuoks, plevėsuotis
plevėsuokitės, plevėsuotis
plevėsuokimės, plevėsuotis
plevėsavausi, plevėsuotis
plevėsavaisi, plevėsuotis
plevėsavosi, plevėsuotis
plevėsavomės, plevėsuotis
plevėsavotės, plevėsuotis
plevėsuodavausi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuodavaisi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuodavosi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuodavomės, plevėsuotis
plevėsuodavotės, plevėsuotis
plevėsuosiusi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuosisi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuosis, plevėsuotis
plevėsuosimės, plevėsuotis
plevėsuositės, plevėsuotis
plevėsuočiausi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuotumeisi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuotųsi, plevėsuotis
plevėsuotu(mė)mės, plevėsuotis
plevėsuotu(mė)tės, plevėsuotis
pliaukštis, pliaukštis
pliauškiuosi, pliaukštis
pliauškiesi, pliaukštis
pliauškiasi, pliaukštis
pliauškiamės, pliaukštis
pliauškiatės, pliaukštis
pliaukšks, pliaukštis
pliaukškitės, pliaukštis
pliaukškimės, pliaukštis
pliauškiausi, pliaukštis
pliauškeisi, pliaukštis
pliauškėsi, pliaukštis
pliauškėmės, pliaukštis
pliauškėtės, pliaukštis
pliaukšdavausi, pliaukštis
pliaukšdavaisi, pliaukštis
pliaukšdavosi, pliaukštis
pliaukšdavomės, pliaukštis
pliaukšdavotės, pliaukštis
pliaukššiusi, pliaukštis
pliaukššisi, pliaukštis
pliaukššis, pliaukštis
pliaukššimės, pliaukštis
pliaukššitės, pliaukštis
pliaukščiausi, pliaukštis
pliaukštumeisi, pliaukštis
pliaukštųsi, pliaukštis
pliaukštu(mė)mės, pliaukštis
pliaukštu(mė)tės, pliaukštis
plikytis, plikytis
plikausi, plikytis
plikaisi, plikytis
plikosi, plikytis
plikomės, plikytis
plikotės, plikytis
plikyks, plikytis
plikykitės, plikytis
plikykimės, plikytis
plikiausi, plikytis
plikeisi, plikytis
plikėsi, plikytis
plikėmės, plikytis
plikėtės, plikytis
plikydavausi, plikytis
plikydavaisi, plikytis
plikydavosi, plikytis
plikydavomės, plikytis
plikydavotės, plikytis
plikysiusi, plikytis
plikysisi, plikytis
plikysis, plikytis
plikysimės, plikytis
plikysitės, plikytis
plikyčiausi, plikytis
plikytumeisi, plikytis
plikytųsi, plikytis
plikytu(mė)mės, plikytis
plikytu(mė)tės, plikytis
plistis, plistis
plintuosi, plistis
plintiesi, plistis
plintasi, plistis
plintamės, plistis
plintatės, plistis
plisks, plistis
pliskitės, plistis
pliskimės, plistis
plitausi, plistis
plitaisi, plistis
plitosi, plistis
plitomės, plistis
plitotės, plistis
plisdavausi, plistis
plisdavaisi, plistis
plisdavosi, plistis
plisdavomės, plistis
plisdavotės, plistis
plisiusi, plistis
plisisi, plistis
plisis, plistis
plisimės, plistis
plisitės, plistis
plisčiausi, plistis
plistumeisi, plistis
plistųsi, plistis
plistu(mė)mės, plistis
plistu(mė)tės, plistis
pliumptelėtis, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjuosi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjiesi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjasi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjamės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjatės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėks, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėkitės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėkimės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjausi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjaisi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjosi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjomės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėjotės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėdavausi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėdavaisi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėdavosi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėdavomės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėdavotės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėsiusi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėsisi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėsis, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėsimės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėsitės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėčiausi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėtumeisi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėtųsi, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėtu(mė)mės, pliumptelėtis
pliumptelėtu(mė)tės, pliumptelėtis
pliurptis, pliurptis
pliurpiuosi, pliurptis
pliurpiesi, pliurptis
pliurpiasi, pliurptis
pliurpiamės, pliurptis
pliurpiatės, pliurptis
pliurpks, pliurptis
pliurpkitės, pliurptis
pliurpkimės, pliurptis
pliurpiausi, pliurptis
pliurpeisi, pliurptis
pliurpėsi, pliurptis
pliurpėmės, pliurptis
pliurpėtės, pliurptis
pliurpdavausi, pliurptis
pliurpdavaisi, pliurptis
pliurpdavosi, pliurptis
pliurpdavomės, pliurptis
pliurpdavotės, pliurptis
pliurpsiusi, pliurptis
pliurpsisi, pliurptis
pliurpsis, pliurptis
pliurpsimės, pliurptis
pliurpsitės, pliurptis
pliurpčiausi, pliurptis
pliurptumeisi, pliurptis
pliurptųsi, pliurptis
pliurptu(mė)mės, pliurptis
pliurptu(mė)tės, pliurptis
plonėtis, plonėtis
plonėjuosi, plonėtis
plonėjiesi, plonėtis
plonėjasi, plonėtis
plonėjamės, plonėtis
plonėjatės, plonėtis
plonėks, plonėtis
plonėkitės, plonėtis
plonėkimės, plonėtis
plonėjausi, plonėtis
plonėjaisi, plonėtis
plonėjosi, plonėtis
plonėjomės, plonėtis
plonėjotės, plonėtis
plonėdavausi, plonėtis
plonėdavaisi, plonėtis
plonėdavosi, plonėtis
plonėdavomės, plonėtis
plonėdavotės, plonėtis
plonėsiusi, plonėtis
plonėsisi, plonėtis
plonėsis, plonėtis
plonėsimės, plonėtis
plonėsitės, plonėtis
plonėčiausi, plonėtis
plonėtumeisi, plonėtis
plonėtųsi, plonėtis
plonėtu(mė)mės, plonėtis
plonėtu(mė)tės, plonėtis
plotis, plotis
plojuosi, plotis
plojiesi, plotis
plojasi, plotis
plojamės, plotis
plojatės, plotis
ploks, plotis
plokitės, plotis
plokimės, plotis
plojausi, plotis
plojaisi, plotis
plojosi, plotis
plojomės, plotis
plojotės, plotis
plodavausi, plotis
plodavaisi, plotis
plodavosi, plotis
plodavomės, plotis
plodavotės, plotis
plosiusi, plotis
plosisi, plotis
plosis, plotis
plosimės, plotis
plositės, plotis
pločiausi, plotis
plotumeisi, plotis
plotųsi, plotis
plotu(mė)mės, plotis
plotu(mė)tės, plotis
plūduriuotis, plūduriuotis
plūduriuojuosi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuojiesi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuojasi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuojamės, plūduriuotis
plūduriuojatės, plūduriuotis
plūduriuoks, plūduriuotis
plūduriuokitės, plūduriuotis
plūduriuokimės, plūduriuotis
plūduriavausi, plūduriuotis
plūduriavaisi, plūduriuotis
plūduriavosi, plūduriuotis
plūduriavomės, plūduriuotis
plūduriavotės, plūduriuotis
plūduriuodavausi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuodavaisi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuodavosi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuodavomės, plūduriuotis
plūduriuodavotės, plūduriuotis
plūduriuosiusi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuosisi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuosis, plūduriuotis
plūduriuosimės, plūduriuotis
plūduriuositės, plūduriuotis
plūduriuočiausi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuotumeisi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuotųsi, plūduriuotis
plūduriuotu(mė)mės, plūduriuotis
plūduriuotu(mė)tės, plūduriuotis
plukdytis, plukdytis
plukdžausi, plukdytis
plukdaisi, plukdytis
plukdosi, plukdytis
plukdomės, plukdytis
plukdotės, plukdytis
plukdyks, plukdytis
plukdykitės, plukdytis
plukdykimės, plukdytis
plukdeisi, plukdytis
plukdėsi, plukdytis
plukdėmės, plukdytis
plukdėtės, plukdytis
plukdydavausi, plukdytis
plukdydavaisi, plukdytis
plukdydavosi, plukdytis
plukdydavomės, plukdytis
plukdydavotės, plukdytis
plukdysiusi, plukdytis
plukdysisi, plukdytis
plukdysis, plukdytis
plukdysimės, plukdytis
plukdysitės, plukdytis
plukdyčiausi, plukdytis
plukdytumeisi, plukdytis
plukdytųsi, plukdytis
plukdytu(mė)mės, plukdytis
plukdytu(mė)tės, plukdytis
plūstis, plūstis
plūstuosi, plūstis
plūstiesi, plūstis
plūstasi, plūstis
plūstamės, plūstis
plūstatės, plūstis
plūsks, plūstis
plūskitės, plūstis
plūskimės, plūstis
plūsdausi, plūstis
plūsdaisi, plūstis
plūsdosi, plūstis
plūsdomės, plūstis
plūsdotės, plūstis
plūsdavausi, plūstis
plūsdavaisi, plūstis
plūsdavosi, plūstis
plūsdavomės, plūstis
plūsdavotės, plūstis
plūsiusi, plūstis
plūsisi, plūstis
plūsis, plūstis
plūsimės, plūstis
plūsitės, plūstis
plūsčiausi, plūstis
plūstumeisi, plūstis
plūstųsi, plūstis
plūstu(mė)mės, plūstis
plūstu(mė)tės, plūstis
pluštis, pluštis
plūštuosi, pluštis
plūštiesi, pluštis
plūštasi, pluštis
plūštamės, pluštis
plūštatės, pluštis
plušks, pluštis
pluškitės, pluštis
pluškimės, pluštis
plušausi, pluštis
plušaisi, pluštis
plušosi, pluštis
plušomės, pluštis
plušotės, pluštis
plušdavausi, pluštis
plušdavaisi, pluštis
plušdavosi, pluštis
plušdavomės, pluštis
plušdavotės, pluštis
pluššiusi, pluštis
pluššisi, pluštis
pluššis, pluštis
pluššimės, pluštis
pluššitės, pluštis
pluščiausi, pluštis
pluštumeisi, pluštis
pluštųsi, pluštis
pluštu(mė)mės, pluštis
pluštu(mė)tės, pluštis
plyšotis, plyšotis
plyšausi, plyšotis
plyšaisi, plyšotis
plyšosi, plyšotis
plyšomės, plyšotis
plyšotės, plyšotis
plyšoks, plyšotis
plyšokitės, plyšotis
plyšokimės, plyšotis
plyšojausi, plyšotis
plyšojaisi, plyšotis
plyšojosi, plyšotis
plyšojomės, plyšotis
plyšojotės, plyšotis
plyšodavausi, plyšotis
plyšodavaisi, plyšotis
plyšodavosi, plyšotis
plyšodavomės, plyšotis
plyšodavotės, plyšotis
plyšosiusi, plyšotis
plyšosisi, plyšotis
plyšosis, plyšotis
plyšosimės, plyšotis
plyšositės, plyšotis
plyšočiausi, plyšotis
plyšotumeisi, plyšotis
plyšotųsi, plyšotis
plyšotu(mė)mės, plyšotis
plyšotu(mė)tės, plyšotis
plyštis, plyštis
plyštuosi, plyštis
plyštiesi, plyštis
plyštasi, plyštis
plyštamės, plyštis
plyštatės, plyštis
plyšks, plyštis
plyškitės, plyštis
plyškimės, plyštis
plyšausi, plyštis
plyšaisi, plyštis
plyšosi, plyštis
plyšomės, plyštis
plyšotės, plyštis
plyšdavausi, plyštis
plyšdavaisi, plyštis
plyšdavosi, plyštis
plyšdavomės, plyštis
plyšdavotės, plyštis
plyššiusi, plyštis
plyššisi, plyštis
plyššis, plyštis
plyššimės, plyštis
plyššitės, plyštis
plyščiausi, plyštis
plyštumeisi, plyštis
plyštųsi, plyštis
plyštu(mė)mės, plyštis
plyštu(mė)tės, plyštis
poilsiautis, poilsiautis
poilsiaujuosi, poilsiautis
poilsiaujiesi, poilsiautis
poilsiaujasi, poilsiautis
poilsiaujamės, poilsiautis
poilsiaujatės, poilsiautis
poilsiauks, poilsiautis
poilsiaukitės, poilsiautis
poilsiaukimės, poilsiautis
poilsiavausi, poilsiautis
poilsiavaisi, poilsiautis
poilsiavosi, poilsiautis
poilsiavomės, poilsiautis
poilsiavotės, poilsiautis
poilsiaudavausi, poilsiautis
poilsiaudavaisi, poilsiautis
poilsiaudavosi, poilsiautis
poilsiaudavomės, poilsiautis
poilsiaudavotės, poilsiautis
poilsiausiusi, poilsiautis
poilsiausisi, poilsiautis
poilsiausis, poilsiautis
poilsiausimės, poilsiautis
poilsiausitės, poilsiautis
poilsiaučiausi, poilsiautis
poilsiautumeisi, poilsiautis
poilsiautųsi, poilsiautis
poilsiautu(mė)mės, poilsiautis
poilsiautu(mė)tės, poilsiautis
pokštautis, pokštautis
pokštaujuosi, pokštautis
pokštaujiesi, pokštautis
pokštaujasi, pokštautis
pokštaujamės, pokštautis
pokštaujatės, pokštautis
pokštauks, pokštautis
pokštaukitės, pokštautis
pokštaukimės, pokštautis
pokštavausi, pokštautis
pokštavaisi, pokštautis
pokštavosi, pokštautis
pokštavomės, pokštautis
pokštavotės, pokštautis
pokštaudavausi, pokštautis
pokštaudavaisi, pokštautis
pokštaudavosi, pokštautis
pokštaudavomės, pokštautis
pokštaudavotės, pokštautis
pokštausiusi, pokštautis
pokštausisi, pokštautis
pokštausis, pokštautis
pokštausimės, pokštautis
pokštausitės, pokštautis
pokštaučiausi, pokštautis
pokštautumeisi, pokštautis
pokštautųsi, pokštautis
pokštautu(mė)mės, pokštautis
pokštautu(mė)tės, pokštautis
pokštelėtis, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjuosi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjiesi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjasi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjamės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjatės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėks, pokštelėtis
pokštelėkitės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėkimės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjausi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjaisi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjosi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjomės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėjotės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėdavausi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėdavaisi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėdavosi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėdavomės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėdavotės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėsiusi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėsisi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėsis, pokštelėtis
pokštelėsimės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėsitės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėčiausi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėtumeisi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėtųsi, pokštelėtis
pokštelėtu(mė)mės, pokštelėtis
pokštelėtu(mė)tės, pokštelėtis
pompuotis, pompuotis
pompuojuosi, pompuotis
pompuojiesi, pompuotis
pompuojasi, pompuotis
pompuojamės, pompuotis
pompuojatės, pompuotis
pompuoks, pompuotis
pompuokitės, pompuotis
pompuokimės, pompuotis
pompavausi, pompuotis
pompavaisi, pompuotis
pompavosi, pompuotis
pompavomės, pompuotis
pompavotės, pompuotis
pompuodavausi, pompuotis
pompuodavaisi, pompuotis
pompuodavosi, pompuotis
pompuodavomės, pompuotis
pompuodavotės, pompuotis
pompuosiusi, pompuotis
pompuosisi, pompuotis
pompuosis, pompuotis
pompuosimės, pompuotis
pompuositės, pompuotis
pompuočiausi, pompuotis
pompuotumeisi, pompuotis
pompuotųsi, pompuotis
pompuotu(mė)mės, pompuotis
pompuotu(mė)tės, pompuotis
populiarėtis, populiarėtis
populiarėjuosi, populiarėtis
populiarėjiesi, populiarėtis
populiarėjasi, populiarėtis
populiarėjamės, populiarėtis
populiarėjatės, populiarėtis
populiarėks, populiarėtis
populiarėkitės, populiarėtis
populiarėkimės, populiarėtis
populiarėjausi, populiarėtis
populiarėjaisi, populiarėtis
populiarėjosi, populiarėtis
populiarėjomės, populiarėtis
populiarėjotės, populiarėtis
populiarėdavausi, populiarėtis
populiarėdavaisi, populiarėtis
populiarėdavosi, populiarėtis
populiarėdavomės, populiarėtis
populiarėdavotės, populiarėtis
populiarėsiusi, populiarėtis
populiarėsisi, populiarėtis
populiarėsis, populiarėtis
populiarėsimės, populiarėtis
populiarėsitės, populiarėtis
populiarėčiausi, populiarėtis
populiarėtumeisi, populiarėtis
populiarėtųsi, populiarėtis
populiarėtu(mė)mės, populiarėtis
populiarėtu(mė)tės, populiarėtis
posėdžiautis, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaujuosi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaujiesi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaujasi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaujamės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaujatės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiauks, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaukitės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaukimės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiavausi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiavaisi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiavosi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiavomės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiavotės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaudavausi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaudavaisi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaudavosi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaudavomės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaudavotės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiausiusi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiausisi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiausis, posėdžiautis
posėdžiausimės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiausitės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiaučiausi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiautumeisi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiautųsi, posėdžiautis
posėdžiautu(mė)mės, posėdžiautis
posėdžiautu(mė)tės, posėdžiautis
pozuotis, pozuotis
pozuojuosi, pozuotis
pozuojiesi, pozuotis
pozuojasi, pozuotis
pozuojamės, pozuotis
pozuojatės, pozuotis
pozuoks, pozuotis
pozuokitės, pozuotis
pozuokimės, pozuotis
pozavausi, pozuotis
pozavaisi, pozuotis
pozavosi, pozuotis
pozavomės, pozuotis
pozavotės, pozuotis
pozuodavausi, pozuotis
pozuodavaisi, pozuotis
pozuodavosi, pozuotis
pozuodavomės, pozuotis
pozuodavotės, pozuotis
pozuosiusi, pozuotis
pozuosisi, pozuotis
pozuosis, pozuotis
pozuosimės, pozuotis
pozuositės, pozuotis
pozuočiausi, pozuotis
pozuotumeisi, pozuotis
pozuotųsi, pozuotis
pozuotu(mė)mės, pozuotis
pozuotu(mė)tės, pozuotis
prekiautis, prekiautis
prekiaujuosi, prekiautis
prekiaujiesi, prekiautis
prekiaujasi, prekiautis
prekiaujamės, prekiautis
prekiaujatės, prekiautis
prekiauks, prekiautis
prekiaukitės, prekiautis
prekiaukimės, prekiautis
prekiavausi, prekiautis
prekiavaisi, prekiautis
prekiavosi, prekiautis
prekiavomės, prekiautis
prekiavotės, prekiautis
prekiaudavausi, prekiautis
prekiaudavaisi, prekiautis
prekiaudavosi, prekiautis
prekiaudavomės, prekiautis
prekiaudavotės, prekiautis
prekiausiusi, prekiautis
prekiausisi, prekiautis
prekiausis, prekiautis
prekiausimės, prekiautis
prekiausitės, prekiautis
prekiaučiausi, prekiautis
prekiautumeisi, prekiautis
prekiautųsi, prekiautis
prekiautu(mė)mės, prekiautis
prekiautu(mė)tės, prekiautis
prenumeruotis, prenumeruotis
prenumeruojuosi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruojiesi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruojasi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruojamės, prenumeruotis
prenumeruojatės, prenumeruotis
prenumeruoks, prenumeruotis
prenumeruokitės, prenumeruotis
prenumeruokimės, prenumeruotis
prenumeravausi, prenumeruotis
prenumeravaisi, prenumeruotis
prenumeravosi, prenumeruotis
prenumeravomės, prenumeruotis
prenumeravotės, prenumeruotis
prenumeruodavausi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruodavaisi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruodavosi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruodavomės, prenumeruotis
prenumeruodavotės, prenumeruotis
prenumeruosiusi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruosisi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruosis, prenumeruotis
prenumeruosimės, prenumeruotis
prenumeruositės, prenumeruotis
prenumeruočiausi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruotumeisi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruotųsi, prenumeruotis
prenumeruotu(mė)mės, prenumeruotis
prenumeruotu(mė)tės, prenumeruotis
prognozuotis, prognozuotis
prognozuojuosi, prognozuotis
prognozuojiesi, prognozuotis
prognozuojasi, prognozuotis
prognozuojamės, prognozuotis
prognozuojatės, prognozuotis
prognozuoks, prognozuotis
prognozuokitės, prognozuotis
prognozuokimės, prognozuotis
prognozavausi, prognozuotis
prognozavaisi, prognozuotis
prognozavosi, prognozuotis
prognozavomės, prognozuotis
prognozavotės, prognozuotis
prognozuodavausi, prognozuotis
prognozuodavaisi, prognozuotis
prognozuodavosi, prognozuotis
prognozuodavomės, prognozuotis
prognozuodavotės, prognozuotis
prognozuosiusi, prognozuotis
prognozuosisi, prognozuotis
prognozuosis, prognozuotis
prognozuosimės, prognozuotis
prognozuositės, prognozuotis
prognozuočiausi, prognozuotis
prognozuotumeisi, prognozuotis
prognozuotųsi, prognozuotis
prognozuotu(mė)mės, prognozuotis
prognozuotu(mė)tės, prognozuotis
programuotis, programuotis
programuojuosi, programuotis
programuojiesi, programuotis
programuojasi, programuotis
programuojamės, programuotis
programuojatės, programuotis
programuoks, programuotis
programuokitės, programuotis
programuokimės, programuotis
programavausi, programuotis
programavaisi, programuotis
programavosi, programuotis
programavomės, programuotis
programavotės, programuotis
programuodavausi, programuotis
programuodavaisi, programuotis
programuodavosi, programuotis
programuodavomės, programuotis
programuodavotės, programuotis
programuosiusi, programuotis
programuosisi, programuotis
programuosis, programuotis
programuosimės, programuotis
programuositės, programuotis
programuočiausi, programuotis
programuotumeisi, programuotis
programuotųsi, programuotis
programuotu(mė)mės, programuotis
programuotu(mė)tės, programuotis
protestuotis, protestuotis
protestuojuosi, protestuotis
protestuojiesi, protestuotis
protestuojasi, protestuotis
protestuojamės, protestuotis
protestuojatės, protestuotis
protestuoks, protestuotis
protestuokitės, protestuotis
protestuokimės, protestuotis
protestavausi, protestuotis
protestavaisi, protestuotis
protestavosi, protestuotis
protestavomės, protestuotis
protestavotės, protestuotis
protestuodavausi, protestuotis
protestuodavaisi, protestuotis
protestuodavosi, protestuotis
protestuodavomės, protestuotis
protestuodavotės, protestuotis
protestuosiusi, protestuotis
protestuosisi, protestuotis
protestuosis, protestuotis
protestuosimės, protestuotis
protestuositės, protestuotis
protestuočiausi, protestuotis
protestuotumeisi, protestuotis
protestuotųsi, protestuotis
protestuotu(mė)mės, protestuotis
protestuotu(mė)tės, protestuotis
pūkštis, pūkštis
pūškuosi, pūkštis
pūškiesi, pūkštis
pūškasi, pūkštis
pūškamės, pūkštis
pūškatės, pūkštis
pūkšks, pūkštis
pūkškitės, pūkštis
pūkškimės, pūkštis
pūškiausi, pūkštis
pūškeisi, pūkštis
pūškėsi, pūkštis
pūškėmės, pūkštis
pūškėtės, pūkštis
pūkšdavausi, pūkštis
pūkšdavaisi, pūkštis
pūkšdavosi, pūkštis
pūkšdavomės, pūkštis
pūkšdavotės, pūkštis
pūkššiusi, pūkštis
pūkššisi, pūkštis
pūkššis, pūkštis
pūkššimės, pūkštis
pūkššitės, pūkštis
pūkščiausi, pūkštis
pūkštumeisi, pūkštis
pūkštųsi, pūkštis
pūkštu(mė)mės, pūkštis
pūkštu(mė)tės, pūkštis
puldinėtis, puldinėtis
puldinėjuosi, puldinėtis
puldinėjiesi, puldinėtis
puldinėjasi, puldinėtis
puldinėjamės, puldinėtis
puldinėjatės, puldinėtis
puldinėks, puldinėtis
puldinėkitės, puldinėtis
puldinėkimės, puldinėtis
puldinėjausi, puldinėtis
puldinėjaisi, puldinėtis
puldinėjosi, puldinėtis
puldinėjomės, puldinėtis
puldinėjotės, puldinėtis
puldinėdavausi, puldinėtis
puldinėdavaisi, puldinėtis
puldinėdavosi, puldinėtis
puldinėdavomės, puldinėtis
puldinėdavotės, puldinėtis
puldinėsiusi, puldinėtis
puldinėsisi, puldinėtis
puldinėsis, puldinėtis
puldinėsimės, puldinėtis
puldinėsitės, puldinėtis
puldinėčiausi, puldinėtis
puldinėtumeisi, puldinėtis
puldinėtųsi, puldinėtis
puldinėtu(mė)mės, puldinėtis
puldinėtu(mė)tės, puldinėtis
pūliuotis, pūliuotis
pūliuojuosi, pūliuotis
pūliuojiesi, pūliuotis
pūliuojasi, pūliuotis
pūliuojamės, pūliuotis
pūliuojatės, pūliuotis
pūliuoks, pūliuotis
pūliuokitės, pūliuotis
pūliuokimės, pūliuotis
pūliavausi, pūliuotis
pūliavaisi, pūliuotis
pūliavosi, pūliuotis
pūliavomės, pūliuotis
pūliavotės, pūliuotis
pūliuodavausi, pūliuotis
pūliuodavaisi, pūliuotis
pūliuodavosi, pūliuotis
pūliuodavomės, pūliuotis
pūliuodavotės, pūliuotis
pūliuosiusi, pūliuotis
pūliuosisi, pūliuotis
pūliuosis, pūliuotis
pūliuosimės, pūliuotis
pūliuositės, pūliuotis
pūliuočiausi, pūliuotis
pūliuotumeisi, pūliuotis
pūliuotųsi, pūliuotis
pūliuotu(mė)mės, pūliuotis
pūliuotu(mė)tės, pūliuotis
pulsuotis, pulsuotis
pulsuojuosi, pulsuotis
pulsuojiesi, pulsuotis
pulsuojasi, pulsuotis
pulsuojamės, pulsuotis
pulsuojatės, pulsuotis
pulsuoks, pulsuotis
pulsuokitės, pulsuotis
pulsuokimės, pulsuotis
pulsavausi, pulsuotis
pulsavaisi, pulsuotis
pulsavosi, pulsuotis
pulsavomės, pulsuotis
pulsavotės, pulsuotis
pulsuodavausi, pulsuotis
pulsuodavaisi, pulsuotis
pulsuodavosi, pulsuotis
pulsuodavomės, pulsuotis
pulsuodavotės, pulsuotis
pulsuosiusi, pulsuotis
pulsuosisi, pulsuotis
pulsuosis, pulsuotis
pulsuosimės, pulsuotis
pulsuositės, pulsuotis
pulsuočiausi, pulsuotis
pulsuotumeisi, pulsuotis
pulsuotųsi, pulsuotis
pulsuotu(mė)mės, pulsuotis
pulsuotu(mė)tės, pulsuotis
pultis, pultis
puoluosi, pultis
puoliesi, pultis
puolasi, pultis
puolamės, pultis
puolatės, pultis
pulks, pultis
pulkitės, pultis
pulkimės, pultis
puoliausi, pultis
puoleisi, pultis
puolėsi, pultis
puolėmės, pultis
puolėtės, pultis
puldavausi, pultis
puldavaisi, pultis
puldavosi, pultis
puldavomės, pultis
puldavotės, pultis
pulsiusi, pultis
pulsisi, pultis
pulsis, pultis
pulsimės, pultis
pulsitės, pultis
pulčiausi, pultis
pultumeisi, pultis
pultųsi, pultis
pultu(mė)mės, pultis
pultu(mė)tės, pultis
pumpuotis, pumpuotis
pumpuojuosi, pumpuotis
pumpuojiesi, pumpuotis
pumpuojasi, pumpuotis
pumpuojamės, pumpuotis
pumpuojatės, pumpuotis
pumpuoks, pumpuotis
pumpuokitės, pumpuotis
pumpuokimės, pumpuotis
pumpavausi, pumpuotis
pumpavaisi, pumpuotis
pumpavosi, pumpuotis
pumpavomės, pumpuotis
pumpavotės, pumpuotis
pumpuodavausi, pumpuotis
pumpuodavaisi, pumpuotis
pumpuodavosi, pumpuotis
pumpuodavomės, pumpuotis
pumpuodavotės, pumpuotis
pumpuosiusi, pumpuotis
pumpuosisi, pumpuotis
pumpuosis, pumpuotis
pumpuosimės, pumpuotis
pumpuositės, pumpuotis
pumpuočiausi, pumpuotis
pumpuotumeisi, pumpuotis
pumpuotųsi, pumpuotis
pumpuotu(mė)mės, pumpuotis
pumpuotu(mė)tės, pumpuotis
puoselėtis, puoselėtis
puoselėjuosi, puoselėtis
puoselėjiesi, puoselėtis
puoselėjasi, puoselėtis
puoselėjamės, puoselėtis
puoselėjatės, puoselėtis
puoselėks, puoselėtis
puoselėkitės, puoselėtis
puoselėkimės, puoselėtis
puoselėjausi, puoselėtis
puoselėjaisi, puoselėtis
puoselėjosi, puoselėtis
puoselėjomės, puoselėtis
puoselėjotės, puoselėtis
puoselėdavausi, puoselėtis
puoselėdavaisi, puoselėtis
puoselėdavosi, puoselėtis
puoselėdavomės, puoselėtis
puoselėdavotės, puoselėtis
puoselėsiusi, puoselėtis
puoselėsisi, puoselėtis
puoselėsis, puoselėtis
puoselėsimės, puoselėtis
puoselėsitės, puoselėtis
puoselėčiausi, puoselėtis
puoselėtumeisi, puoselėtis
puoselėtųsi, puoselėtis
puoselėtu(mė)mės, puoselėtis
puoselėtu(mė)tės, puoselėtis
puoštis, puoštis
puošiuosi, puoštis
puošiesi, puoštis
puošiasi, puoštis
puošiamės, puoštis
puošiatės, puoštis
puošks, puoštis
puoškitės, puoštis
puoškimės, puoštis
puošiausi, puoštis
puošeisi, puoštis
puošėsi, puoštis
puošėmės, puoštis
puošėtės, puoštis
puošdavausi, puoštis
puošdavaisi, puoštis
puošdavosi, puoštis
puošdavomės, puoštis
puošdavotės, puoštis
puoššiusi, puoštis
puoššisi, puoštis
puoššis, puoštis
puoššimės, puoštis
puoššitės, puoštis
puoščiausi, puoštis
puoštumeisi, puoštis
puoštųsi, puoštis
puoštu(mė)mės, puoštis
puoštu(mė)tės, puoštis
purentis, purentis
purenuosi, purentis
pureniesi, purentis
purenasi, purentis
purenamės, purentis
purenatės, purentis
purenks, purentis
purenkitės, purentis
purenkimės, purentis
purenausi, purentis
purenaisi, purentis
purenosi, purentis
purenomės, purentis
purenotės, purentis
purendavausi, purentis
purendavaisi, purentis
purendavosi, purentis
purendavomės, purentis
purendavotės, purentis
purensiusi, purentis
purensisi, purentis
purensis, purentis
purensimės, purentis
purensitės, purentis
purenčiausi, purentis
purentumeisi, purentis
purentųsi, purentis
purentu(mė)mės, purentis
purentu(mė)tės, purentis
purkštis, purkštis
purškiuosi, purkštis
purškiesi, purkštis
purškiasi, purkštis
purškiamės, purkštis
purškiatės, purkštis
purkšks, purkštis
purkškitės, purkštis
purkškimės, purkštis
purškiausi, purkštis
purškeisi, purkštis
purškėsi, purkštis
purškėmės, purkštis
purškėtės, purkštis
purkšdavausi, purkštis
purkšdavaisi, purkštis
purkšdavosi, purkštis
purkšdavomės, purkštis
purkšdavotės, purkštis
purkššiusi, purkštis
purkššisi, purkštis
purkššis, purkštis
purkššimės, purkštis
purkššitės, purkštis
purkščiausi, purkštis
purkštumeisi, purkštis
purkštųsi, purkštis
purkštu(mė)mės, purkštis
purkštu(mė)tės, purkštis
purtis, purtis
pūruosi, purtis
pūriesi, purtis
pūrasi, purtis
pūramės, purtis
pūratės, purtis
purks, purtis
purkitės, purtis
purkimės, purtis
purausi, purtis
puraisi, purtis
purosi, purtis
puromės, purtis
purotės, purtis
purdavausi, purtis
purdavaisi, purtis
purdavosi, purtis
purdavomės, purtis
purdavotės, purtis
pursiusi, purtis
pursisi, purtis
pursis, purtis
pursimės, purtis
pursitės, purtis
purčiausi, purtis
purtumeisi, purtis
purtųsi, purtis
purtu(mė)mės, purtis
purtu(mė)tės, purtis
purtytis, purtytis
purtausi, purtytis
purtaisi, purtytis
purtosi, purtytis
purtomės, purtytis
purtotės, purtytis
purtyks, purtytis
purtykitės, purtytis
purtykimės, purtytis
purteisi, purtytis
purtėsi, purtytis
purtėmės, purtytis
purtėtės, purtytis
purtydavausi, purtytis
purtydavaisi, purtytis
purtydavosi, purtytis
purtydavomės, purtytis
purtydavotės, purtytis
purtysiusi, purtytis
purtysisi, purtytis
purtysis, purtytis
purtysimės, purtytis
purtysitės, purtytis
purtyčiausi, purtytis
purtytumeisi, purtytis
purtytųsi, purtytis
purtytu(mė)mės, purtytis
purtytu(mė)tės, purtytis
purvintis, purvintis
purvinuosi, purvintis
purviniesi, purvintis
purvinasi, purvintis
purvinamės, purvintis
purvinatės, purvintis
purvinks, purvintis
purvinkitės, purvintis
purvinkimės, purvintis
purvinausi, purvintis
purvinaisi, purvintis
purvinosi, purvintis
purvinomės, purvintis
purvinotės, purvintis
purvindavausi, purvintis
purvindavaisi, purvintis
purvindavosi, purvintis
purvindavomės, purvintis
purvindavotės, purvintis
purvinsiusi, purvintis
purvinsisi, purvintis
purvinsis, purvintis
purvinsimės, purvintis
purvinsitės, purvintis
purvinčiausi, purvintis
purvintumeisi, purvintis
purvintųsi, purvintis
purvintu(mė)mės, purvintis
purvintu(mė)tės, purvintis
pūškuotis, pūškuotis
pūškuojuosi, pūškuotis
pūškuojiesi, pūškuotis
pūškuojasi, pūškuotis
pūškuojamės, pūškuotis
pūškuojatės, pūškuotis
pūškuoks, pūškuotis
pūškuokitės, pūškuotis
pūškuokimės, pūškuotis
pūškavausi, pūškuotis
pūškavaisi, pūškuotis
pūškavosi, pūškuotis
pūškavomės, pūškuotis
pūškavotės, pūškuotis
pūškuodavausi, pūškuotis
pūškuodavaisi, pūškuotis
pūškuodavosi, pūškuotis
pūškuodavomės, pūškuotis
pūškuodavotės, pūškuotis
pūškuosiusi, pūškuotis
pūškuosisi, pūškuotis
pūškuosis, pūškuotis
pūškuosimės, pūškuotis
pūškuositės, pūškuotis
pūškuočiausi, pūškuotis
pūškuotumeisi, pūškuotis
pūškuotųsi, pūškuotis
pūškuotu(mė)mės, pūškuotis
pūškuotu(mė)tės, pūškuotis
pūstis, pūstis
pučiuosi, pūstis
pučiesi, pūstis
pučiasi, pūstis
pučiamės, pūstis
pučiatės, pūstis
pūsks, pūstis
pūskitės, pūstis
pūskimės, pūstis
pūteisi, pūstis
pūtėsi, pūstis
pūtėmės, pūstis
pūtėtės, pūstis
pūsdavausi, pūstis
pūsdavaisi, pūstis
pūsdavosi, pūstis
pūsdavomės, pūstis
pūsdavotės, pūstis
pūsiusi, pūstis
pūsisi, pūstis
pūsis, pūstis
pūsimės, pūstis
pūsitės, pūstis
pūsčiausi, pūstis
pūstumeisi, pūstis
pūstųsi, pūstis
pūstu(mė)mės, pūstis
pūstu(mė)tės, pūstis
pustytis, pustytis
pustausi, pustytis
pustaisi, pustytis
pustosi, pustytis
pustomės, pustytis
pustotės, pustytis
pustyks, pustytis
pustykitės, pustytis
pustykimės, pustytis
pusteisi, pustytis
pustėsi, pustytis
pustėmės, pustytis
pustėtės, pustytis
pustydavausi, pustytis
pustydavaisi, pustytis
pustydavosi, pustytis
pustydavomės, pustytis
pustydavotės, pustytis
pustysiusi, pustytis
pustysisi, pustytis
pustysis, pustytis
pustysimės, pustytis
pustysitės, pustytis
pustyčiausi, pustytis
pustytumeisi, pustytis
pustytųsi, pustytis
pustytu(mė)mės, pustytis
pustytu(mė)tės, pustytis
pūtis, pūtis
pūvuosi, pūtis
pūviesi, pūtis
pūvasi, pūtis
pūvamės, pūtis
pūvatės, pūtis
pūks, pūtis
pūkitės, pūtis
pūkimės, pūtis
puvausi, pūtis
puvaisi, pūtis
puvosi, pūtis
puvomės, pūtis
puvotės, pūtis
pūdavausi, pūtis
pūdavaisi, pūtis
pūdavosi, pūtis
pūdavomės, pūtis
pūdavotės, pūtis
pūsiusi, pūtis
pūsisi, pūtis
pusis, pūtis
pūsimės, pūtis
pūsitės, pūtis
pūčiausi, pūtis
pūtumeisi, pūtis
pūtųsi, pūtis
pūtu(mė)mės, pūtis
pūtu(mė)tės, pūtis
putotis, putotis
putojuosi, putotis
putojiesi, putotis
putojasi, putotis
putojamės, putotis
putojatės, putotis
putoks, putotis
putokitės, putotis
putokimės, putotis
putojausi, putotis
putojaisi, putotis
putojosi, putotis
putojomės, putotis
putojotės, putotis
putodavausi, putotis
putodavaisi, putotis
putodavosi, putotis
putodavomės, putotis
putodavotės, putotis
putosiusi, putotis
putosisi, putotis
putosis, putotis
putosimės, putotis
putositės, putotis
putočiausi, putotis
putotumeisi, putotis
putotųsi, putotis
putotu(mė)mės, putotis
putotu(mė)tės, putotis
pykdytis, pykdytis
pykdžausi, pykdytis
pykdaisi, pykdytis
pykdosi, pykdytis
pykdomės, pykdytis
pykdotės, pykdytis
pykdyks, pykdytis
pykdykitės, pykdytis
pykdykimės, pykdytis
pykdeisi, pykdytis
pykdėsi, pykdytis
pykdėmės, pykdytis
pykdėtės, pykdytis
pykdydavausi, pykdytis
pykdydavaisi, pykdytis
pykdydavosi, pykdytis
pykdydavomės, pykdytis
pykdydavotės, pykdytis
pykdysiusi, pykdytis
pykdysisi, pykdytis
pykdysis, pykdytis
pykdysimės, pykdytis
pykdysitės, pykdytis
pykdyčiausi, pykdytis
pykdytumeisi, pykdytis
pykdytųsi, pykdytis
pykdytu(mė)mės, pykdytis
pykdytu(mė)tės, pykdytis
pykintis, pykintis
pykinuosi, pykintis
pykiniesi, pykintis
pykinasi, pykintis
pykinamės, pykintis
pykinatės, pykintis
pykinks, pykintis
pykinkitės, pykintis
pykinkimės, pykintis
pykinausi, pykintis
pykinaisi, pykintis
pykinosi, pykintis
pykinomės, pykintis
pykinotės, pykintis
pykindavausi, pykintis
pykindavaisi, pykintis
pykindavosi, pykintis
pykindavomės, pykintis
pykindavotės, pykintis
pykinsiusi, pykintis
pykinsisi, pykintis
pykinsis, pykintis
pykinsimės, pykintis
pykinsitės, pykintis
pykinčiausi, pykintis
pykintumeisi, pykintis
pykintųsi, pykintis
pykintu(mė)mės, pykintis
pykintu(mė)tės, pykintis
pyktis, pyktis
pykstuosi, pyktis
pykstiesi, pyktis
pykstasi, pyktis
pykstamės, pyktis
pykstatės, pyktis
pyks, pyktis
pykitės, pyktis
pykimės, pyktis
pykausi, pyktis
pykaisi, pyktis
pykosi, pyktis
pykomės, pyktis
pykotės, pyktis
pykdavausi, pyktis
pykdavaisi, pyktis
pykdavosi, pyktis
pykdavomės, pyktis
pykdavotės, pyktis
pyksiusi, pyktis
pyksisi, pyktis
pyksis, pyktis
pyksimės, pyktis
pyksitės, pyktis
pykčiausi, pyktis
pyktumeisi, pyktis
pyktųsi, pyktis
pyktu(mė)mės, pyktis
pyktu(mė)tės, pyktis
pypsėtis, pypsėtis
pypsiusi, pypsėtis
pypsisi, pypsėtis
pypsisi, pypsėtis
pypsimės, pypsėtis
pypsitės, pypsėtis
pypsėks, pypsėtis
pypsėkitės, pypsėtis
pypsėkimės, pypsėtis
pypsėjausi, pypsėtis
pypsėjaisi, pypsėtis
pypsėjosi, pypsėtis
pypsėjomės, pypsėtis
pypsėjotės, pypsėtis
pypsėdavausi, pypsėtis
pypsėdavaisi, pypsėtis
pypsėdavosi, pypsėtis
pypsėdavomės, pypsėtis
pypsėdavotės, pypsėtis
pypsėsiusi, pypsėtis
pypsėsisi, pypsėtis
pypsėsis, pypsėtis
pypsėsimės, pypsėtis
pypsėsitės, pypsėtis
pypsėčiausi, pypsėtis
pypsėtumeisi, pypsėtis
pypsėtųsi, pypsėtis
pypsėtu(mė)mės, pypsėtis
pypsėtu(mė)tės, pypsėtis
pypsintis, pypsintis
pypsinuosi, pypsintis
pypsiniesi, pypsintis
pypsinasi, pypsintis
pypsinamės, pypsintis
pypsinatės, pypsintis
pypsinks, pypsintis
pypsinkitės, pypsintis
pypsinkimės, pypsintis
pypsinausi, pypsintis
pypsinaisi, pypsintis
pypsinosi, pypsintis
pypsinomės, pypsintis
pypsinotės, pypsintis
pypsindavausi, pypsintis
pypsindavaisi, pypsintis
pypsindavosi, pypsintis
pypsindavomės, pypsintis
pypsindavotės, pypsintis
pypsinsiusi, pypsintis
pypsinsisi, pypsintis
pypsinsis, pypsintis
pypsinsimės, pypsintis
pypsinsitės, pypsintis
pypsinčiausi, pypsintis
pypsintumeisi, pypsintis
pypsintųsi, pypsintis
pypsintu(mė)mės, pypsintis
pypsintu(mė)tės, pypsintis
pyškėtis, pyškėtis
pyškuosi, pyškėtis
pyškiesi, pyškėtis
pyškasi, pyškėtis
pyškamės, pyškėtis
pyškatės, pyškėtis
pyškėks, pyškėtis
pyškėkitės, pyškėtis
pyškėkimės, pyškėtis
pyškėjausi, pyškėtis
pyškėjaisi, pyškėtis
pyškėjosi, pyškėtis
pyškėjomės, pyškėtis
pyškėjotės, pyškėtis
pyškėdavausi, pyškėtis
pyškėdavaisi, pyškėtis
pyškėdavosi, pyškėtis
pyškėdavomės, pyškėtis
pyškėdavotės, pyškėtis
pyškėsiusi, pyškėtis
pyškėsisi, pyškėtis
pyškėsis, pyškėtis
pyškėsimės, pyškėtis
pyškėsitės, pyškėtis
pyškėčiausi, pyškėtis
pyškėtumeisi, pyškėtis
pyškėtųsi, pyškėtis
pyškėtu(mė)mės, pyškėtis
pyškėtu(mė)tės, pyškėtis
ragautis, ragautis
ragaujuosi, ragautis
ragaujiesi, ragautis
ragaujasi, ragautis
ragaujamės, ragautis
ragaujatės, ragautis
ragauks, ragautis
ragaukitės, ragautis
ragaukimės, ragautis
ragavausi, ragautis
ragavaisi, ragautis
ragavosi, ragautis
ragavomės, ragautis
ragavotės, ragautis
ragaudavausi, ragautis
ragaudavaisi, ragautis
ragaudavosi, ragautis
ragaudavomės, ragautis
ragaudavotės, ragautis
ragausiusi, ragautis
ragausisi, ragautis
ragausis, ragautis
ragausimės, ragautis
ragausitės, ragautis
ragaučiausi, ragautis
ragautumeisi, ragautis
ragautųsi, ragautis
ragautu(mė)mės, ragautis
ragautu(mė)tės, ragautis
ragintis, ragintis
raginuosi, ragintis
raginiesi, ragintis
raginasi, ragintis
raginamės, ragintis
raginatės, ragintis
raginks, ragintis
raginkitės, ragintis
raginkimės, ragintis
raginausi, ragintis
raginaisi, ragintis
raginosi, ragintis
raginomės, ragintis
raginotės, ragintis
ragindavausi, ragintis
ragindavaisi, ragintis
ragindavosi, ragintis
ragindavomės, ragintis
ragindavotės, ragintis
raginsiusi, ragintis
raginsisi, ragintis
raginsis, ragintis
raginsimės, ragintis
raginsitės, ragintis
raginčiausi, ragintis
ragintumeisi, ragintis
ragintųsi, ragintis
ragintu(mė)mės, ragintis
ragintu(mė)tės, ragintis
raikytis, raikytis
raikausi, raikytis
raikaisi, raikytis
raikosi, raikytis
raikomės, raikytis
raikotės, raikytis
raikyks, raikytis
raikykitės, raikytis
raikykimės, raikytis
raikiausi, raikytis
raikeisi, raikytis
raikėsi, raikytis
raikėmės, raikytis
raikėtės, raikytis
raikydavausi, raikytis
raikydavaisi, raikytis
raikydavosi, raikytis
raikydavomės, raikytis
raikydavotės, raikytis
raikysiusi, raikytis
raikysisi, raikytis
raikysis, raikytis
raikysimės, raikytis
raikysitės, raikytis
raikyčiausi, raikytis
raikytumeisi, raikytis
raikytųsi, raikytis
raikytu(mė)mės, raikytis
raikytu(mė)tės, raikytis
raitotis, raitotis
raitojuosi, raitotis
raitojiesi, raitotis
raitojasi, raitotis
raitojamės, raitotis
raitojatės, raitotis
raitoks, raitotis
raitokitės, raitotis
raitokimės, raitotis
raitojausi, raitotis
raitojaisi, raitotis
raitojosi, raitotis
raitojomės, raitotis
raitojotės, raitotis
raitodavausi, raitotis
raitodavaisi, raitotis
raitodavosi, raitotis
raitodavomės, raitotis
raitodavotės, raitotis
raitosiusi, raitotis
raitosisi, raitotis
raitosis, raitotis
raitosimės, raitotis
raitositės, raitotis
raitočiausi, raitotis
raitotumeisi, raitotis
raitotųsi, raitotis
raitotu(mė)mės, raitotis
raitotu(mė)tės, raitotis
raitytis, raitytis
raitausi, raitytis
raitaisi, raitytis
raitosi, raitytis
raitomės, raitytis
raitotės, raitytis
raityks, raitytis
raitykitės, raitytis
raitykimės, raitytis
raiteisi, raitytis
raitėsi, raitytis
raitėmės, raitytis
raitėtės, raitytis
raitydavausi, raitytis
raitydavaisi, raitytis
raitydavosi, raitytis
raitydavomės, raitytis
raitydavotės, raitytis
raitysiusi, raitytis
raitysisi, raitytis
raitysis, raitytis
raitysimės, raitytis
raitysitės, raitytis
raityčiausi, raitytis
raitytumeisi, raitytis
raitytųsi, raitytis
raitytu(mė)mės, raitytis
raitytu(mė)tės, raitytis
raiytis, raiytis
raitausi, raiytis
raitaisi, raiytis
raitosi, raiytis
raitomės, raiytis
raitotės, raiytis
raiyks, raiytis
raiykitės, raiytis
raiykimės, raiytis
raiteisi, raiytis
raitėsi, raiytis
raitėmės, raiytis
raitėtės, raiytis
raiydavausi, raiytis
raiydavaisi, raiytis
raiydavosi, raiytis
raiydavomės, raiytis
raiydavotės, raiytis
raiysiusi, raiytis
raiysisi, raiytis
raiysis, raiytis
raiysimės, raiytis
raiysitės, raiytis
raiyčiausi, raiytis
raiytumeisi, raiytis
raiytųsi, raiytis
raiytu(mė)mės, raiytis
raiytu(mė)tės, raiytis
raižiotis, raižiotis
raižiojuosi, raižiotis
raižiojiesi, raižiotis
raižiojasi, raižiotis
raižiojamės, raižiotis
raižiojatės, raižiotis
raižioks, raižiotis
raižiokitės, raižiotis
raižiokimės, raižiotis
raižiojausi, raižiotis
raižiojaisi, raižiotis
raižiojosi, raižiotis
raižiojomės, raižiotis
raižiojotės, raižiotis
raižiodavausi, raižiotis
raižiodavaisi, raižiotis
raižiodavosi, raižiotis
raižiodavomės, raižiotis
raižiodavotės, raižiotis
raižiosiusi, raižiotis
raižiosisi, raižiotis
raižiosis, raižiotis
raižiosimės, raižiotis
raižiositės, raižiotis
raižiočiausi, raižiotis
raižiotumeisi, raižiotis
raižiotųsi, raižiotis
raižiotu(mė)mės, raižiotis
raižiotu(mė)tės, raižiotis
raižytis, raižytis
raižausi, raižytis
raižaisi, raižytis
raižosi, raižytis
raižomės, raižytis
raižotės, raižytis
raižyks, raižytis
raižykitės, raižytis
raižykimės, raižytis
raižiausi, raižytis
raižeisi, raižytis
raižėsi, raižytis
raižėmės, raižytis
raižėtės, raižytis
raižydavausi, raižytis
raižydavaisi, raižytis
raižydavosi, raižytis
raižydavomės, raižytis
raižydavotės, raižytis
raižysiusi, raižytis
raižysisi, raižytis
raižysis, raižytis
raižysimės, raižytis
raižysitės, raižytis
raižyčiausi, raižytis
raižytumeisi, raižytis
raižytųsi, raižytis
raižytu(mė)mės, raižytis
raižytu(mė)tės, raižytis
rakintis, rakintis
rakinuosi, rakintis
rakiniesi, rakintis
rakinasi, rakintis
rakinamės, rakintis
rakinatės, rakintis
rakinks, rakintis
rakinkitės, rakintis
rakinkimės, rakintis
rakinausi, rakintis
rakinaisi, rakintis
rakinosi, rakintis
rakinomės, rakintis
rakinotės, rakintis
rakindavausi, rakintis
rakindavaisi, rakintis
rakindavosi, rakintis
rakindavomės, rakintis
rakindavotės, rakintis
rakinsiusi, rakintis
rakinsisi, rakintis
rakinsis, rakintis
rakinsimės, rakintis
rakinsitės, rakintis
rakinčiausi, rakintis
rakintumeisi, rakintis
rakintųsi, rakintis
rakintu(mė)mės, rakintis
rakintu(mė)tės, rakintis
ramintis, ramintis
raminuosi, ramintis
raminiesi, ramintis
raminasi, ramintis
raminamės, ramintis
raminatės, ramintis
raminks, ramintis
raminkitės, ramintis
raminkimės, ramintis
raminausi, ramintis
raminaisi, ramintis
raminosi, ramintis
raminomės, ramintis
raminotės, ramintis
ramindavausi, ramintis
ramindavaisi, ramintis
ramindavosi, ramintis
ramindavomės, ramintis
ramindavotės, ramintis
raminsiusi, ramintis
raminsisi, ramintis
raminsis, ramintis
raminsimės, ramintis
raminsitės, ramintis
raminčiausi, ramintis
ramintumeisi, ramintis
ramintųsi, ramintis
ramintu(mė)mės, ramintis
ramintu(mė)tės, ramintis
rangytis, rangytis
rangausi, rangytis
rangaisi, rangytis
rangosi, rangytis
rangomės, rangytis
rangotės, rangytis
rangyks, rangytis
rangykitės, rangytis
rangykimės, rangytis
rangiausi, rangytis
rangeisi, rangytis
rangėsi, rangytis
rangėmės, rangytis
rangėtės, rangytis
rangydavausi, rangytis
rangydavaisi, rangytis
rangydavosi, rangytis
rangydavomės, rangytis
rangydavotės, rangytis
rangysiusi, rangytis
rangysisi, rangytis
rangysis, rangytis
rangysimės, rangytis
rangysitės, rangytis
rangyčiausi, rangytis
rangytumeisi, rangytis
rangytųsi, rangytis
rangytu(mė)mės, rangytis
rangytu(mė)tės, rangytis
rankytis, rankytis
rankausi, rankytis
rankaisi, rankytis
rankosi, rankytis
rankomės, rankytis
rankotės, rankytis
rankyks, rankytis
rankykitės, rankytis
rankykimės, rankytis
rankiausi, rankytis
rankeisi, rankytis
rankėsi, rankytis
rankėmės, rankytis
rankėtės, rankytis
rankydavausi, rankytis
rankydavaisi, rankytis
rankydavosi, rankytis
rankydavomės, rankytis
rankydavotės, rankytis
rankysiusi, rankytis
rankysisi, rankytis
rankysis, rankytis
rankysimės, rankytis
rankysitės, rankytis
rankyčiausi, rankytis
rankytumeisi, rankytis
rankytųsi, rankytis
rankytu(mė)mės, rankytis
rankytu(mė)tės, rankytis
rašinėtis, rašinėtis
rašinėjuosi, rašinėtis
rašinėjiesi, rašinėtis
rašinėjasi, rašinėtis
rašinėjamės, rašinėtis
rašinėjatės, rašinėtis
rašinėks, rašinėtis
rašinėkitės, rašinėtis
rašinėkimės, rašinėtis
rašinėjausi, rašinėtis
rašinėjaisi, rašinėtis
rašinėjosi, rašinėtis
rašinėjomės, rašinėtis
rašinėjotės, rašinėtis
rašinėdavausi, rašinėtis
rašinėdavaisi, rašinėtis
rašinėdavosi, rašinėtis
rašinėdavomės, rašinėtis
rašinėdavotės, rašinėtis
rašinėsiusi, rašinėtis
rašinėsisi, rašinėtis
rašinėsis, rašinėtis
rašinėsimės, rašinėtis
rašinėsitės, rašinėtis
rašinėčiausi, rašinėtis
rašinėtumeisi, rašinėtis
rašinėtųsi, rašinėtis
rašinėtu(mė)mės, rašinėtis
rašinėtu(mė)tės, rašinėtis
rasotis, rasotis
rasojuosi, rasotis
rasojiesi, rasotis
rasojasi, rasotis
rasojamės, rasotis
rasojatės, rasotis
rasoks, rasotis
rasokitės, rasotis
rasokimės, rasotis
rasojausi, rasotis
rasojaisi, rasotis
rasojosi, rasotis
rasojomės, rasotis
rasojotės, rasotis
rasodavausi, rasotis
rasodavaisi, rasotis
rasodavosi, rasotis
rasodavomės, rasotis
rasodavotės, rasotis
rasosiusi, rasotis
rasosisi, rasotis
rasosis, rasotis
rasosimės, rasotis
rasositės, rasotis
rasočiausi, rasotis
rasotumeisi, rasotis
rasotųsi, rasotis
rasotu(mė)mės, rasotis
rasotu(mė)tės, rasotis
rastis, rastis
randžuosi, rastis
randiesi, rastis
randasi, rastis
randamės, rastis
randatės, rastis
rasks, rastis
raskitės, rastis
raskimės, rastis
radausi, rastis
radaisi, rastis
radosi, rastis
radomės, rastis
radotės, rastis
rasdavausi, rastis
rasdavaisi, rastis
rasdavosi, rastis
rasdavomės, rastis
rasdavotės, rastis
rasiusi, rastis
rasisi, rastis
rasis, rastis
rasimės, rastis
rasitės, rastis
rasčiausi, rastis
rastumeisi, rastis
rastųsi, rastis
rastu(mė)mės, rastis
rastu(mė)tės, rastis
rašytis, rašytis
rašausi, rašytis
rašaisi, rašytis
rašosi, rašytis
rašomės, rašytis
rašotės, rašytis
rašyks, rašytis
rašykitės, rašytis
rašykimės, rašytis
rašiausi, rašytis
rašeisi, rašytis
rašėsi, rašytis
rašėmės, rašytis
rašėtės, rašytis
rašydavausi, rašytis
rašydavaisi, rašytis
rašydavosi, rašytis
rašydavomės, rašytis
rašydavotės, rašytis
rašysiusi, rašytis
rašysisi, rašytis
rašysis, rašytis
rašysimės, rašytis
rašysitės, rašytis
rašyčiausi, rašytis
rašytumeisi, rašytis
rašytųsi, rašytis
rašytu(mė)mės, rašytis
rašytu(mė)tės, rašytis
raudonėtis, raudonėtis
raudonėjuosi, raudonėtis
raudonėjiesi, raudonėtis
raudonėjasi, raudonėtis
raudonėjamės, raudonėtis
raudonėjatės, raudonėtis
raudonėks, raudonėtis
raudonėkitės, raudonėtis
raudonėkimės, raudonėtis
raudonėjausi, raudonėtis
raudonėjaisi, raudonėtis
raudonėjosi, raudonėtis
raudonėjomės, raudonėtis
raudonėjotės, raudonėtis
raudonėdavausi, raudonėtis
raudonėdavaisi, raudonėtis
raudonėdavosi, raudonėtis
raudonėdavomės, raudonėtis
raudonėdavotės, raudonėtis
raudonėsiusi, raudonėtis
raudonėsisi, raudonėtis
raudonėsis, raudonėtis
raudonėsimės, raudonėtis
raudonėsitės, raudonėtis
raudonėčiausi, raudonėtis
raudonėtumeisi, raudonėtis
raudonėtųsi, raudonėtis
raudonėtu(mė)mės, raudonėtis
raudonėtu(mė)tės, raudonėtis
raudonintis, raudonintis
raudoninuosi, raudonintis
raudoniniesi, raudonintis
raudoninasi, raudonintis
raudoninamės, raudonintis
raudoninatės, raudonintis
raudoninks, raudonintis
raudoninkitės, raudonintis
raudoninkimės, raudonintis
raudoninausi, raudonintis
raudoninaisi, raudonintis
raudoninosi, raudonintis
raudoninomės, raudonintis
raudoninotės, raudonintis
raudonindavausi, raudonintis
raudonindavaisi, raudonintis
raudonindavosi, raudonintis
raudonindavomės, raudonintis
raudonindavotės, raudonintis
raudoninsiusi, raudonintis
raudoninsisi, raudonintis
raudoninsis, raudonintis
raudoninsimės, raudonintis
raudoninsitės, raudonintis
raudoninčiausi, raudonintis
raudonintumeisi, raudonintis
raudonintųsi, raudonintis
raudonintu(mė)mės, raudonintis
raudonintu(mė)tės, raudonintis
raudonuotis, raudonuotis
raudonuojuosi, raudonuotis
raudonuojiesi, raudonuotis
raudonuojasi, raudonuotis
raudonuojamės, raudonuotis
raudonuojatės, raudonuotis
raudonuoks, raudonuotis
raudonuokitės, raudonuotis
raudonuokimės, raudonuotis
raudonavausi, raudonuotis
raudonavaisi, raudonuotis
raudonavosi, raudonuotis
raudonavomės, raudonuotis
raudonavotės, raudonuotis
raudonuodavausi, raudonuotis
raudonuodavaisi, raudonuotis
raudonuodavosi, raudonuotis
raudonuodavomės, raudonuotis
raudonuodavotės, raudonuotis
raudonuosiusi, raudonuotis
raudonuosisi, raudonuotis
raudonuosis, raudonuotis
raudonuosimės, raudonuotis
raudonuositės, raudonuotis
raudonuočiausi, raudonuotis
raudonuotumeisi, raudonuotis
raudonuotųsi, raudonuotis
raudonuotu(mė)mės, raudonuotis
raudonuotu(mė)tės, raudonuotis
raudotis, raudotis
raudžuosi, raudotis
raudiesi, raudotis
raudasi, raudotis
raudamės, raudotis
raudatės, raudotis
raudoks, raudotis
raudokitės, raudotis
raudokimės, raudotis
raudojausi, raudotis
raudojaisi, raudotis
raudojosi, raudotis
raudojomės, raudotis
raudojotės, raudotis
raudodavausi, raudotis
raudodavaisi, raudotis
raudodavosi, raudotis
raudodavomės, raudotis
raudodavotės, raudotis
raudosiusi, raudotis
raudosisi, raudotis
raudosis, raudotis
raudosimės, raudotis
raudositės, raudotis
raudočiausi, raudotis
raudotumeisi, raudotis
raudotųsi, raudotis
raudotu(mė)mės, raudotis
raudotu(mė)tės, raudotis
raugintis, raugintis
rauginuosi, raugintis
rauginiesi, raugintis
rauginasi, raugintis
rauginamės, raugintis
rauginatės, raugintis
rauginks, raugintis
rauginkitės, raugintis
rauginkimės, raugintis
rauginausi, raugintis
rauginaisi, raugintis
rauginosi, raugintis
rauginomės, raugintis
rauginotės, raugintis
raugindavausi, raugintis
raugindavaisi, raugintis
raugindavosi, raugintis
raugindavomės, raugintis
raugindavotės, raugintis
rauginsiusi, raugintis
rauginsisi, raugintis
rauginsis, raugintis
rauginsimės, raugintis
rauginsitės, raugintis
rauginčiausi, raugintis
raugintumeisi, raugintis
raugintųsi, raugintis
raugintu(mė)mės, raugintis
raugintu(mė)tės, raugintis
raugtis, raugtis
raugiuosi, raugtis
raugiesi, raugtis
raugiasi, raugtis
raugiamės, raugtis
raugiatės, raugtis
rauks, raugtis
raukitės, raugtis
raukimės, raugtis
raugiausi, raugtis
raugeisi, raugtis
raugėsi, raugtis
raugėmės, raugtis
raugėtės, raugtis
raugdavausi, raugtis
raugdavaisi, raugtis
raugdavosi, raugtis
raugdavomės, raugtis
raugdavotės, raugtis
raugsiusi, raugtis
raugsisi, raugtis
raugsis, raugtis
raugsimės, raugtis
raugsitės, raugtis
raugčiausi, raugtis
raugtumeisi, raugtis
raugtųsi, raugtis
raugtu(mė)mės, raugtis
raugtu(mė)tės, raugtis
raukšlėtis, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjuosi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjiesi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjasi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjamės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjatės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėks, raukšlėtis
raukšlėkitės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėkimės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjausi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjaisi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjosi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjomės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėjotės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėdavausi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėdavaisi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėdavosi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėdavomės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėdavotės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėsiusi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėsisi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėsis, raukšlėtis
raukšlėsimės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėsitės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėčiausi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėtumeisi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėtųsi, raukšlėtis
raukšlėtu(mė)mės, raukšlėtis
raukšlėtu(mė)tės, raukšlėtis
rauktis, rauktis
raukiuosi, rauktis
raukiesi, rauktis
raukiasi, rauktis
raukiamės, rauktis
raukiatės, rauktis
rauks, rauktis
raukitės, rauktis
raukimės, rauktis
raukiausi, rauktis
raukeisi, rauktis
raukėsi, rauktis
raukėmės, rauktis
raukėtės, rauktis
raukdavausi, rauktis
raukdavaisi, rauktis
raukdavosi, rauktis
raukdavomės, rauktis
raukdavotės, rauktis
rauksiusi, rauktis
rauksisi, rauktis
rauksis, rauktis
rauksimės, rauktis
rauksitės, rauktis
raukčiausi, rauktis
rauktumeisi, rauktis
rauktųsi, rauktis
rauktu(mė)mės, rauktis
rauktu(mė)tės, rauktis
raustis, raustis
raustuosi, raustis
raustiesi, raustis
raustasi, raustis
raustamės, raustis
raustatės, raustis
rausks, raustis
rauskitės, raustis
rauskimės, raustis
raudausi, raustis
raudaisi, raustis
raudosi, raustis
raudomės, raustis
raudotės, raustis
rausdavausi, raustis
rausdavaisi, raustis
rausdavosi, raustis
rausdavomės, raustis
rausdavotės, raustis
rausiusi, raustis
rausisi, raustis
rausis, raustis
rausimės, raustis
rausitės, raustis
rausčiausi, raustis
raustumeisi, raustis
raustųsi, raustis
raustu(mė)mės, raustis
raustu(mė)tės, raustis
rausvintis, rausvintis
rausvinuosi, rausvintis
rausviniesi, rausvintis
rausvinasi, rausvintis
rausvinamės, rausvintis
rausvinatės, rausvintis
rausvinks, rausvintis
rausvinkitės, rausvintis
rausvinkimės, rausvintis
rausvinausi, rausvintis
rausvinaisi, rausvintis
rausvinosi, rausvintis
rausvinomės, rausvintis
rausvinotės, rausvintis
rausvindavausi, rausvintis
rausvindavaisi, rausvintis
rausvindavosi, rausvintis
rausvindavomės, rausvintis
rausvindavotės, rausvintis
rausvinsiusi, rausvintis
rausvinsisi, rausvintis
rausvinsis, rausvintis
rausvinsimės, rausvintis
rausvinsitės, rausvintis
rausvinčiausi, rausvintis
rausvintumeisi, rausvintis
rausvintųsi, rausvintis
rausvintu(mė)mės, rausvintis
rausvintu(mė)tės, rausvintis
rautis, rautis
raunuosi, rautis
rauniesi, rautis
raunasi, rautis
raunamės, rautis
raunatės, rautis
rauks, rautis
raukitės, rautis
raukimės, rautis
roviausi, rautis
roveisi, rautis
rovėsi, rautis
rovėmės, rautis
rovėtės, rautis
raudavausi, rautis
raudavaisi, rautis
raudavosi, rautis
raudavomės, rautis
raudavotės, rautis
rausiusi, rautis
rausisi, rautis
rausis, rautis
rausimės, rautis
rausitės, rautis
raučiausi, rautis
rautumeisi, rautis
rautųsi, rautis
rautu(mė)mės, rautis
rautu(mė)tės, rautis
reaguotis, reaguotis
reaguojuosi, reaguotis
reaguojiesi, reaguotis
reaguojasi, reaguotis
reaguojamės, reaguotis
reaguojatės, reaguotis
reaguoks, reaguotis
reaguokitės, reaguotis
reaguokimės, reaguotis
reagavausi, reaguotis
reagavaisi, reaguotis
reagavosi, reaguotis
reagavomės, reaguotis
reagavotės, reaguotis
reaguodavausi, reaguotis
reaguodavaisi, reaguotis
reaguodavosi, reaguotis
reaguodavomės, reaguotis
reaguodavotės, reaguotis
reaguosiusi, reaguotis
reaguosisi, reaguotis
reaguosis, reaguotis
reaguosimės, reaguotis
reaguositės, reaguotis
reaguočiausi, reaguotis
reaguotumeisi, reaguotis
reaguotųsi, reaguotis
reaguotu(mė)mės, reaguotis
reaguotu(mė)tės, reaguotis
realizuotis, realizuotis
realizuojuosi, realizuotis
realizuojiesi, realizuotis
realizuojasi, realizuotis
realizuojamės, realizuotis
realizuojatės, realizuotis
realizuoks, realizuotis
realizuokitės, realizuotis
realizuokimės, realizuotis
realizavausi, realizuotis
realizavaisi, realizuotis
realizavosi, realizuotis
realizavomės, realizuotis
realizavotės, realizuotis
realizuodavausi, realizuotis
realizuodavaisi, realizuotis
realizuodavosi, realizuotis
realizuodavomės, realizuotis
realizuodavotės, realizuotis
realizuosiusi, realizuotis
realizuosisi, realizuotis
realizuosis, realizuotis
realizuosimės, realizuotis
realizuositės, realizuotis
realizuočiausi, realizuotis
realizuotumeisi, realizuotis
realizuotųsi, realizuotis
realizuotu(mė)mės, realizuotis
realizuotu(mė)tės, realizuotis
redaguotis, redaguotis
redaguojuosi, redaguotis
redaguojiesi, redaguotis
redaguojasi, redaguotis
redaguojamės, redaguotis
redaguojatės, redaguotis
redaguoks, redaguotis
redaguokitės, redaguotis
redaguokimės, redaguotis
redagavausi, redaguotis
redagavaisi, redaguotis
redagavosi, redaguotis
redagavomės, redaguotis
redagavotės, redaguotis
redaguodavausi, redaguotis
redaguodavaisi, redaguotis
redaguodavosi, redaguotis
redaguodavomės, redaguotis
redaguodavotės, redaguotis
redaguosiusi, redaguotis
redaguosisi, redaguotis
redaguosis, redaguotis
redaguosimės, redaguotis
redaguositės, redaguotis
redaguočiausi, redaguotis
redaguotumeisi, redaguotis
redaguotųsi, redaguotis
redaguotu(mė)mės, redaguotis
redaguotu(mė)tės, redaguotis
regėtis, regėtis
regiusi, regėtis
regisi, regėtis
regisi, regėtis
regimės, regėtis
regitės, regėtis
regėks, regėtis
regėkitės, regėtis
regėkimės, regėtis
regėjausi, regėtis
regėjaisi, regėtis
regėjosi, regėtis
regėjomės, regėtis
regėjotės, regėtis
regėdavausi, regėtis
regėdavaisi, regėtis
regėdavosi, regėtis
regėdavomės, regėtis
regėdavotės, regėtis
regėsiusi, regėtis
regėsisi, regėtis
regėsis, regėtis
regėsimės, regėtis
regėsitės, regėtis
regėčiausi, regėtis
regėtumeisi, regėtis
regėtųsi, regėtis
regėtu(mė)mės, regėtis
regėtu(mė)tės, regėtis
registruotis, registruotis
registruojuosi, registruotis
registruojiesi, registruotis
registruojasi, registruotis
registruojamės, registruotis
registruojatės, registruotis
registruoks, registruotis
registruokitės, registruotis
registruokimės, registruotis
registravausi, registruotis
registravaisi, registruotis
registravosi, registruotis
registravomės, registruotis
registravotės, registruotis
registruodavausi, registruotis
registruodavaisi, registruotis
registruodavosi, registruotis
registruodavomės, registruotis
registruodavotės, registruotis
registruosiusi, registruotis
registruosisi, registruotis
registruosis, registruotis
registruosimės, registruotis
registruositės, registruotis
registruočiausi, registruotis
registruotumeisi, registruotis
registruotųsi, registruotis
registruotu(mė)mės, registruotis
registruotu(mė)tės, registruotis
reguliuotis, reguliuotis
reguliuojuosi, reguliuotis
reguliuojiesi, reguliuotis
reguliuojasi, reguliuotis
reguliuojamės, reguliuotis
reguliuojatės, reguliuotis
reguliuoks, reguliuotis
reguliuokitės, reguliuotis
reguliuokimės, reguliuotis
reguliavausi, reguliuotis
reguliavaisi, reguliuotis
reguliavosi, reguliuotis
reguliavomės, reguliuotis
reguliavotės, reguliuotis
reguliuodavausi, reguliuotis
reguliuodavaisi, reguliuotis
reguliuodavosi, reguliuotis
reguliuodavomės, reguliuotis
reguliuodavotės, reguliuotis
reguliuosiusi, reguliuotis
reguliuosisi, reguliuotis
reguliuosis, reguliuotis
reguliuosimės, reguliuotis
reguliuositės, reguliuotis
reguliuočiausi, reguliuotis
reguliuotumeisi, reguliuotis
reguliuotųsi, reguliuotis
reguliuotu(mė)mės, reguliuotis
reguliuotu(mė)tės, reguliuotis
regztis, regztis
rezguosi, regztis
rezgiesi, regztis
rezgasi, regztis
rezgamės, regztis
rezgatės, regztis
regzks, regztis
regzkitės, regztis
regzkimės, regztis
rezgiausi, regztis
rezgeisi, regztis
rezgėsi, regztis
rezgėmės, regztis
rezgėtės, regztis
regzdavausi, regztis
regzdavaisi, regztis
regzdavosi, regztis
regzdavomės, regztis
regzdavotės, regztis
regzsiusi, regztis
regzsisi, regztis
regzsis, regztis
regzsimės, regztis
regzsitės, regztis
regzčiausi, regztis
regztumeisi, regztis
regztųsi, regztis
regztu(mė)mės, regztis
regztu(mė)tės, regztis
reikalautis, reikalautis
reikalaujuosi, reikalautis
reikalaujiesi, reikalautis
reikalaujasi, reikalautis
reikalaujamės, reikalautis
reikalaujatės, reikalautis
reikalauks, reikalautis
reikalaukitės, reikalautis
reikalaukimės, reikalautis
reikalavausi, reikalautis
reikalavaisi, reikalautis
reikalavosi, reikalautis
reikalavomės, reikalautis
reikalavotės, reikalautis
reikalaudavausi, reikalautis
reikalaudavaisi, reikalautis
reikalaudavosi, reikalautis
reikalaudavomės, reikalautis
reikalaudavotės, reikalautis
reikalausiusi, reikalautis
reikalausisi, reikalautis
reikalausis, reikalautis
reikalausimės, reikalautis
reikalausitės, reikalautis
reikalaučiausi, reikalautis
reikalautumeisi, reikalautis
reikalautųsi, reikalautis
reikalautu(mė)mės, reikalautis
reikalautu(mė)tės, reikalautis
reikėtis, reikėtis
reikiuosi, reikėtis
reikiesi, reikėtis
reikiasi, reikėtis
reikiamės, reikėtis
reikiatės, reikėtis
reikėks, reikėtis
reikėkitės, reikėtis
reikėkimės, reikėtis
reikėjausi, reikėtis
reikėjaisi, reikėtis
reikėjosi, reikėtis
reikėjomės, reikėtis
reikėjotės, reikėtis
reikėdavausi, reikėtis
reikėdavaisi, reikėtis
reikėdavosi, reikėtis
reikėdavomės, reikėtis
reikėdavotės, reikėtis
reikėsiusi, reikėtis
reikėsisi, reikėtis
reikėsis, reikėtis
reikėsimės, reikėtis
reikėsitės, reikėtis
reikėčiausi, reikėtis
reikėtumeisi, reikėtis
reikėtųsi, reikėtis
reikėtu(mė)mės, reikėtis
reikėtu(mė)tės, reikėtis
reikštis, reikštis
reiškiuosi, reikštis
reiškiesi, reikštis
reiškiasi, reikštis
reiškiamės, reikštis
reiškiatės, reikštis
reikšks, reikštis
reikškitės, reikštis
reikškimės, reikštis
reiškiausi, reikštis
reiškeisi, reikštis
reiškėsi, reikštis
reiškėmės, reikštis
reiškėtės, reikštis
reikšdavausi, reikštis
reikšdavaisi, reikštis
reikšdavosi, reikštis
reikšdavomės, reikštis
reikšdavotės, reikštis
reikššiusi, reikštis
reikššisi, reikštis
reikššis, reikštis
reikššimės, reikštis
reikššitės, reikštis
reikščiausi, reikštis
reikštumeisi, reikštis
reikštųsi, reikštis
reikštu(mė)mės, reikštis
reikštu(mė)tės, reikštis
reiktis, reiktis
reikiuosi, reiktis
reikiesi, reiktis
reikiasi, reiktis
reikiamės, reiktis
reikiatės, reiktis
reiks, reiktis
reikitės, reiktis
reikimės, reiktis
reikiausi, reiktis
reikeisi, reiktis
reikėsi, reiktis
reikėmės, reiktis
reikėtės, reiktis
reikdavausi, reiktis
reikdavaisi, reiktis
reikdavosi, reiktis
reikdavomės, reiktis
reikdavotės, reiktis
reiksiusi, reiktis
reiksisi, reiktis
reiksis, reiktis
reiksimės, reiktis
reiksitės, reiktis
reikčiausi, reiktis
reiktumeisi, reiktis
reiktųsi, reiktis
reiktu(mė)mės, reiktis
reiktu(mė)tės, reiktis
rėkautis, rėkautis
rėkaujuosi, rėkautis
rėkaujiesi, rėkautis
rėkaujasi, rėkautis
rėkaujamės, rėkautis
rėkaujatės, rėkautis
rėkauks, rėkautis
rėkaukitės, rėkautis
rėkaukimės, rėkautis
rėkavausi, rėkautis
rėkavaisi, rėkautis
rėkavosi, rėkautis
rėkavomės, rėkautis
rėkavotės, rėkautis
rėkaudavausi, rėkautis
rėkaudavaisi, rėkautis
rėkaudavosi, rėkautis
rėkaudavomės, rėkautis
rėkaudavotės, rėkautis
rėkausiusi, rėkautis
rėkausisi, rėkautis
rėkausis, rėkautis
rėkausimės, rėkautis
rėkausitės, rėkautis
rėkaučiausi, rėkautis
rėkautumeisi, rėkautis
rėkautųsi, rėkautis
rėkautu(mė)mės, rėkautis
rėkautu(mė)tės, rėkautis
reklamuotis, reklamuotis
reklamuojuosi, reklamuotis
reklamuojiesi, reklamuotis
reklamuojasi, reklamuotis
reklamuojamės, reklamuotis
reklamuojatės, reklamuotis
reklamuoks, reklamuotis
reklamuokitės, reklamuotis
reklamuokimės, reklamuotis
reklamavausi, reklamuotis
reklamavaisi, reklamuotis
reklamavosi, reklamuotis
reklamavomės, reklamuotis
reklamavotės, reklamuotis
reklamuodavausi, reklamuotis
reklamuodavaisi, reklamuotis
reklamuodavosi, reklamuotis
reklamuodavomės, reklamuotis
reklamuodavotės, reklamuotis
reklamuosiusi, reklamuotis
reklamuosisi, reklamuotis
reklamuosis, reklamuotis
reklamuosimės, reklamuotis
reklamuositės, reklamuotis
reklamuočiausi, reklamuotis
reklamuotumeisi, reklamuotis
reklamuotųsi, reklamuotis
reklamuotu(mė)mės, reklamuotis
reklamuotu(mė)tės, reklamuotis
rekomenduotis, rekomenduotis
rekomenduojuosi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduojiesi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduojasi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduojamės, rekomenduotis
rekomenduojatės, rekomenduotis
rekomenduoks, rekomenduotis
rekomenduokitės, rekomenduotis
rekomenduokimės, rekomenduotis
rekomendavausi, rekomenduotis
rekomendavaisi, rekomenduotis
rekomendavosi, rekomenduotis
rekomendavomės, rekomenduotis
rekomendavotės, rekomenduotis
rekomenduodavausi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduodavaisi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduodavosi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduodavomės, rekomenduotis
rekomenduodavotės, rekomenduotis
rekomenduosiusi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduosisi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduosis, rekomenduotis
rekomenduosimės, rekomenduotis
rekomenduositės, rekomenduotis
rekomenduočiausi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduotumeisi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduotųsi, rekomenduotis
rekomenduotu(mė)mės, rekomenduotis
rekomenduotu(mė)tės, rekomenduotis
rekonstruotis, rekonstruotis
rekonstruojuosi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruojiesi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruojasi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruojamės, rekonstruotis
rekonstruojatės, rekonstruotis
rekonstruoks, rekonstruotis
rekonstruokitės, rekonstruotis
rekonstruokimės, rekonstruotis
rekonstravausi, rekonstruotis
rekonstravaisi, rekonstruotis
rekonstravosi, rekonstruotis
rekonstravomės, rekonstruotis
rekonstravotės, rekonstruotis
rekonstruodavausi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruodavaisi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruodavosi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruodavomės, rekonstruotis
rekonstruodavotės, rekonstruotis
rekonstruosiusi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruosisi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruosis, rekonstruotis
rekonstruosimės, rekonstruotis
rekonstruositės, rekonstruotis
rekonstruočiausi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruotumeisi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruotųsi, rekonstruotis
rekonstruotu(mė)mės, rekonstruotis
rekonstruotu(mė)tės, rekonstruotis
rėktis, rėktis
rėkiuosi, rėktis
rėkiesi, rėktis
rėkiasi, rėktis
rėkiamės, rėktis
rėkiatės, rėktis
rėks, rėktis
rėkitės, rėktis
rėkimės, rėktis
rėkiausi, rėktis
rėkeisi, rėktis
rėkėsi, rėktis
rėkėmės, rėktis
rėkėtės, rėktis
rėkdavausi, rėktis
rėkdavaisi, rėktis
rėkdavosi, rėktis
rėkdavomės, rėktis
rėkdavotės, rėktis
rėksiusi, rėktis
rėksisi, rėktis
rėksis, rėktis
rėksimės, rėktis
rėksitės, rėktis
rėkčiausi, rėktis
rėktumeisi, rėktis
rėktųsi, rėktis
rėktu(mė)mės, rėktis
rėktu(mė)tės, rėktis
remontuotis, remontuotis
remontuojuosi, remontuotis
remontuojiesi, remontuotis
remontuojasi, remontuotis
remontuojamės, remontuotis
remontuojatės, remontuotis
remontuoks, remontuotis
remontuokitės, remontuotis
remontuokimės, remontuotis
remontavausi, remontuotis
remontavaisi, remontuotis
remontavosi, remontuotis
remontavomės, remontuotis
remontavotės, remontuotis
remontuodavausi, remontuotis
remontuodavaisi, remontuotis
remontuodavosi, remontuotis
remontuodavomės, remontuotis
remontuodavotės, remontuotis
remontuosiusi, remontuotis
remontuosisi, remontuotis
remontuosis, remontuotis
remontuosimės, remontuotis
remontuositės, remontuotis
remontuočiausi, remontuotis
remontuotumeisi, remontuotis
remontuotųsi, remontuotis
remontuotu(mė)mės, remontuotis
remontuotu(mė)tės, remontuotis
remtis, remtis
remiuosi, remtis
remiesi, remtis
remiasi, remtis
remiamės, remtis
remiatės, remtis
remks, remtis
remkitės, remtis
remkimės, remtis
rėmiausi, remtis
rėmeisi, remtis
rėmėsi, remtis
rėmėmės, remtis
rėmėtės, remtis
remdavausi, remtis
remdavaisi, remtis
remdavosi, remtis
remdavomės, remtis
remdavotės, remtis
remsiusi, remtis
remsisi, remtis
remsis, remtis
remsimės, remtis
remsitės, remtis
remčiausi, remtis
remtumeisi, remtis
remtųsi, remtis
remtu(mė)mės, remtis
remtu(mė)tės, remtis
rengtis, rengtis
rengiuosi, rengtis
rengiesi, rengtis
rengiasi, rengtis
rengiamės, rengtis
rengiatės, rengtis
renks, rengtis
renkitės, rengtis
renkimės, rengtis
rengiausi, rengtis
rengeisi, rengtis
rengėsi, rengtis
rengėmės, rengtis
rengėtės, rengtis
rengdavausi, rengtis
rengdavaisi, rengtis
rengdavosi, rengtis
rengdavomės, rengtis
rengdavotės, rengtis
rengsiusi, rengtis
rengsisi, rengtis
rengsis, rengtis
rengsimės, rengtis
rengsitės, rengtis
rengčiausi, rengtis
rengtumeisi, rengtis
rengtųsi, rengtis
rengtu(mė)mės, rengtis
rengtu(mė)tės, rengtis
repečkotis, repečkotis
repečkojuosi, repečkotis
repečkojiesi, repečkotis
repečkojasi, repečkotis
repečkojamės, repečkotis
repečkojatės, repečkotis
repečkoks, repečkotis
repečkokitės, repečkotis
repečkokimės, repečkotis
repečkojausi, repečkotis
repečkojaisi, repečkotis
repečkojosi, repečkotis
repečkojomės, repečkotis
repečkojotės, repečkotis
repečkodavausi, repečkotis
repečkodavaisi, repečkotis
repečkodavosi, repečkotis
repečkodavomės, repečkotis
repečkodavotės, repečkotis
repečkosiusi, repečkotis
repečkosisi, repečkotis
repečkosis, repečkotis
repečkosimės, repečkotis
repečkositės, repečkotis
repečkočiausi, repečkotis
repečkotumeisi, repečkotis
repečkotųsi, repečkotis
repečkotu(mė)mės, repečkotis
repečkotu(mė)tės, repečkotis
repetuotis, repetuotis
repetuojuosi, repetuotis
repetuojiesi, repetuotis
repetuojasi, repetuotis
repetuojamės, repetuotis
repetuojatės, repetuotis
repetuoks, repetuotis
repetuokitės, repetuotis
repetuokimės, repetuotis
repetavausi, repetuotis
repetavaisi, repetuotis
repetavosi, repetuotis
repetavomės, repetuotis
repetavotės, repetuotis
repetuodavausi, repetuotis
repetuodavaisi, repetuotis
repetuodavosi, repetuotis
repetuodavomės, repetuotis
repetuodavotės, repetuotis
repetuosiusi, repetuotis
repetuosisi, repetuotis
repetuosis, repetuotis
repetuosimės, repetuotis
repetuositės, repetuotis
repetuočiausi, repetuotis
repetuotumeisi, repetuotis
repetuotųsi, repetuotis
repetuotu(mė)mės, repetuotis
repetuotu(mė)tės, repetuotis
restauruotis, restauruotis
restauruojuosi, restauruotis
restauruojiesi, restauruotis
restauruojasi, restauruotis
restauruojamės, restauruotis
restauruojatės, restauruotis
restauruoks, restauruotis
restauruokitės, restauruotis
restauruokimės, restauruotis
restauravausi, restauruotis
restauravaisi, restauruotis
restauravosi, restauruotis
restauravomės, restauruotis
restauravotės, restauruotis
restauruodavausi, restauruotis
restauruodavaisi, restauruotis
restauruodavosi, restauruotis
restauruodavomės, restauruotis
restauruodavotės, restauruotis
restauruosiusi, restauruotis
restauruosisi, restauruotis
restauruosis, restauruotis
restauruosimės, restauruotis
restauruositės, restauruotis
restauruočiausi, restauruotis
restauruotumeisi, restauruotis
restauruotųsi, restauruotis
restauruotu(mė)mės, restauruotis
restauruotu(mė)tės, restauruotis
ręstis, ręstis
renčiuosi, ręstis
renčiesi, ręstis
renčiasi, ręstis
renčiamės, ręstis
renčiatės, ręstis
ręsks, ręstis
ręskitės, ręstis
ręskimės, ręstis
renteisi, ręstis
rentėsi, ręstis
rentėmės, ręstis
rentėtės, ręstis
ręsdavausi, ręstis
ręsdavaisi, ręstis
ręsdavosi, ręstis
ręsdavomės, ręstis
ręsdavotės, ręstis
ręsiusi, ręstis
ręsisi, ręstis
ręsis, ręstis
ręsimės, ręstis
ręsitės, ręstis
ręsčiausi, ręstis
ręstumeisi, ręstis
ręstųsi, ręstis
ręstu(mė)mės, ręstis
ręstu(mė)tės, ręstis
retintis, retintis
retinuosi, retintis
retiniesi, retintis
retinasi, retintis
retinamės, retintis
retinatės, retintis
retinks, retintis
retinkitės, retintis
retinkimės, retintis
retinausi, retintis
retinaisi, retintis
retinosi, retintis
retinomės, retintis
retinotės, retintis
retindavausi, retintis
retindavaisi, retintis
retindavosi, retintis
retindavomės, retintis
retindavotės, retintis
retinsiusi, retintis
retinsisi, retintis
retinsis, retintis
retinsimės, retintis
retinsitės, retintis
retinčiausi, retintis
retintumeisi, retintis
retintųsi, retintis
retintu(mė)mės, retintis
retintu(mė)tės, retintis
revizuotis, revizuotis
revizuojuosi, revizuotis
revizuojiesi, revizuotis
revizuojasi, revizuotis
revizuojamės, revizuotis
revizuojatės, revizuotis
revizuoks, revizuotis
revizuokitės, revizuotis
revizuokimės, revizuotis
revizavausi, revizuotis
revizavaisi, revizuotis
revizavosi, revizuotis
revizavomės, revizuotis
revizavotės, revizuotis
revizuodavausi, revizuotis
revizuodavaisi, revizuotis
revizuodavosi, revizuotis
revizuodavomės, revizuotis
revizuodavotės, revizuotis
revizuosiusi, revizuotis
revizuosisi, revizuotis
revizuosis, revizuotis
revizuosimės, revizuotis
revizuositės, revizuotis
revizuočiausi, revizuotis
revizuotumeisi, revizuotis
revizuotųsi, revizuotis
revizuotu(mė)mės, revizuotis
revizuotu(mė)tės, revizuotis
rezervuotis, rezervuotis
rezervuojuosi, rezervuotis
rezervuojiesi, rezervuotis
rezervuojasi, rezervuotis
rezervuojamės, rezervuotis
rezervuojatės, rezervuotis
rezervuoks, rezervuotis
rezervuokitės, rezervuotis
rezervuokimės, rezervuotis
rezervavausi, rezervuotis
rezervavaisi, rezervuotis
rezervavosi, rezervuotis
rezervavomės, rezervuotis
rezervavotės, rezervuotis
rezervuodavausi, rezervuotis
rezervuodavaisi, rezervuotis
rezervuodavosi, rezervuotis
rezervuodavomės, rezervuotis
rezervuodavotės, rezervuotis
rezervuosiusi, rezervuotis
rezervuosisi, rezervuotis
rezervuosis, rezervuotis
rezervuosimės, rezervuotis
rezervuositės, rezervuotis
rezervuočiausi, rezervuotis
rezervuotumeisi, rezervuotis
rezervuotųsi, rezervuotis
rezervuotu(mė)mės, rezervuotis
rezervuotu(mė)tės, rezervuotis
režisuotis, režisuotis
režisuojuosi, režisuotis
režisuojiesi, režisuotis
režisuojasi, režisuotis
režisuojamės, režisuotis
režisuojatės, režisuotis
režisuoks, režisuotis
režisuokitės, režisuotis
režisuokimės, režisuotis
režisavausi, režisuotis
režisavaisi, režisuotis
režisavosi, režisuotis
režisavomės, režisuotis
režisavotės, režisuotis
režisuodavausi, režisuotis
režisuodavaisi, režisuotis
režisuodavosi, režisuotis
režisuodavomės, režisuotis
režisuodavotės, režisuotis
režisuosiusi, režisuotis
režisuosisi, režisuotis
režisuosis, režisuotis
režisuosimės, režisuotis
režisuositės, režisuotis
režisuočiausi, režisuotis
režisuotumeisi, režisuotis
režisuotųsi, režisuotis
režisuotu(mė)mės, režisuotis
režisuotu(mė)tės, režisuotis
rėžtis, rėžtis
rėžiuosi, rėžtis
rėžiesi, rėžtis
rėžiasi, rėžtis
rėžiamės, rėžtis
rėžiatės, rėžtis
rėžks, rėžtis
rėžkitės, rėžtis
rėžkimės, rėžtis
rėžiausi, rėžtis
rėžeisi, rėžtis
rėžėsi, rėžtis
rėžėmės, rėžtis
rėžėtės, rėžtis
rėždavausi, rėžtis
rėždavaisi, rėžtis
rėždavosi, rėžtis
rėždavomės, rėžtis
rėždavotės, rėžtis
rėžšiusi, rėžtis
rėžšisi, rėžtis
rėžšis, rėžtis
rėžšimės, rėžtis
rėžšitės, rėžtis
rėžčiausi, rėžtis
rėžtumeisi, rėžtis
rėžtųsi, rėžtis
rėžtu(mė)mės, rėžtis
rėžtu(mė)tės, rėžtis
rėžytis, rėžytis
rėžausi, rėžytis
rėžaisi, rėžytis
rėžosi, rėžytis
rėžomės, rėžytis
rėžotės, rėžytis
rėžyks, rėžytis
rėžykitės, rėžytis
rėžykimės, rėžytis
rėžiausi, rėžytis
rėžeisi, rėžytis
rėžėsi, rėžytis
rėžėmės, rėžytis
rėžėtės, rėžytis
rėžydavausi, rėžytis
rėžydavaisi, rėžytis
rėžydavosi, rėžytis
rėžydavomės, rėžytis
rėžydavotės, rėžytis
rėžysiusi, rėžytis
rėžysisi, rėžytis
rėžysis, rėžytis
rėžysimės, rėžytis
rėžysitės, rėžytis
rėžyčiausi, rėžytis
rėžytumeisi, rėžytis
rėžytųsi, rėžytis
rėžytu(mė)mės, rėžytis
rėžytu(mė)tės, rėžytis
riaumotis, riaumotis
riaumojuosi, riaumotis
riaumojiesi, riaumotis
riaumojasi, riaumotis
riaumojamės, riaumotis
riaumojatės, riaumotis
riaumoks, riaumotis
riaumokitės, riaumotis
riaumokimės, riaumotis
riaumojausi, riaumotis
riaumojaisi, riaumotis
riaumojosi, riaumotis
riaumojomės, riaumotis
riaumojotės, riaumotis
riaumodavausi, riaumotis
riaumodavaisi, riaumotis
riaumodavosi, riaumotis
riaumodavomės, riaumotis
riaumodavotės, riaumotis
riaumosiusi, riaumotis
riaumosisi, riaumotis
riaumosis, riaumotis
riaumosimės, riaumotis
riaumositės, riaumotis
riaumočiausi, riaumotis
riaumotumeisi, riaumotis
riaumotųsi, riaumotis
riaumotu(mė)mės, riaumotis
riaumotu(mė)tės, riaumotis
ribotis, ribotis
ribojuosi, ribotis
ribojiesi, ribotis
ribojasi, ribotis
ribojamės, ribotis
ribojatės, ribotis
riboks, ribotis
ribokitės, ribotis
ribokimės, ribotis
ribojausi, ribotis
ribojaisi, ribotis
ribojosi, ribotis
ribojomės, ribotis
ribojotės, ribotis
ribodavausi, ribotis
ribodavaisi, ribotis
ribodavosi, ribotis
ribodavomės, ribotis
ribodavotės, ribotis
ribosiusi, ribotis
ribosisi, ribotis
ribosis, ribotis
ribosimės, ribotis
ribositės, ribotis
ribočiausi, ribotis
ribotumeisi, ribotis
ribotųsi, ribotis
ribotu(mė)mės, ribotis
ribotu(mė)tės, ribotis
ridentis, ridentis
ridenuosi, ridentis
rideniesi, ridentis
ridenasi, ridentis
ridenamės, ridentis
ridenatės, ridentis
ridenks, ridentis
ridenkitės, ridentis
ridenkimės, ridentis
ridenausi, ridentis
ridenaisi, ridentis
ridenosi, ridentis
ridenomės, ridentis
ridenotės, ridentis
ridendavausi, ridentis
ridendavaisi, ridentis
ridendavosi, ridentis
ridendavomės, ridentis
ridendavotės, ridentis
ridensiusi, ridentis
ridensisi, ridentis
ridensis, ridentis
ridensimės, ridentis
ridensitės, ridentis
ridenčiausi, ridentis
ridentumeisi, ridentis
ridentųsi, ridentis
ridentu(mė)mės, ridentis
ridentu(mė)tės, ridentis
ridėtis, ridėtis
ridžuosi, ridėtis
ridiesi, ridėtis
ridasi, ridėtis
ridamės, ridėtis
ridatės, ridėtis
ridėks, ridėtis
ridėkitės, ridėtis
ridėkimės, ridėtis
ridėjausi, ridėtis
ridėjaisi, ridėtis
ridėjosi, ridėtis
ridėjomės, ridėtis
ridėjotės, ridėtis
ridėdavausi, ridėtis
ridėdavaisi, ridėtis
ridėdavosi, ridėtis
ridėdavomės, ridėtis
ridėdavotės, ridėtis
ridėsiusi, ridėtis
ridėsisi, ridėtis
ridėsis, ridėtis
ridėsimės, ridėtis
ridėsitės, ridėtis
ridėčiausi, ridėtis
ridėtumeisi, ridėtis
ridėtųsi, ridėtis
ridėtu(mė)mės, ridėtis
ridėtu(mė)tės, ridėtis
riebintis, riebintis
riebinuosi, riebintis
riebiniesi, riebintis
riebinasi, riebintis
riebinamės, riebintis
riebinatės, riebintis
riebinks, riebintis
riebinkitės, riebintis
riebinkimės, riebintis
riebinausi, riebintis
riebinaisi, riebintis
riebinosi, riebintis
riebinomės, riebintis
riebinotės, riebintis
riebindavausi, riebintis
riebindavaisi, riebintis
riebindavosi, riebintis
riebindavomės, riebintis
riebindavotės, riebintis
riebinsiusi, riebintis
riebinsisi, riebintis
riebinsis, riebintis
riebinsimės, riebintis
riebinsitės, riebintis
riebinčiausi, riebintis
riebintumeisi, riebintis
riebintųsi, riebintis
riebintu(mė)mės, riebintis
riebintu(mė)tės, riebintis
riedėtis, riedėtis
riedžuosi, riedėtis
riediesi, riedėtis
riedasi, riedėtis
riedamės, riedėtis
riedatės, riedėtis
riedėks, riedėtis
riedėkitės, riedėtis
riedėkimės, riedėtis
riedėjausi, riedėtis
riedėjaisi, riedėtis
riedėjosi, riedėtis
riedėjomės, riedėtis
riedėjotės, riedėtis
riedėdavausi, riedėtis
riedėdavaisi, riedėtis
riedėdavosi, riedėtis
riedėdavomės, riedėtis
riedėdavotės, riedėtis
riedėsiusi, riedėtis
riedėsisi, riedėtis
riedėsis, riedėtis
riedėsimės, riedėtis
riedėsitės, riedėtis
riedėčiausi, riedėtis
riedėtumeisi, riedėtis
riedėtųsi, riedėtis
riedėtu(mė)mės, riedėtis
riedėtu(mė)tės, riedėtis
riektis, riektis
riekiuosi, riektis
riekiesi, riektis
riekiasi, riektis
riekiamės, riektis
riekiatės, riektis
rieks, riektis
riekitės, riektis
riekimės, riektis
riekiausi, riektis
riekeisi, riektis
riekėsi, riektis
riekėmės, riektis
riekėtės, riektis
riekdavausi, riektis
riekdavaisi, riektis
riekdavosi, riektis
riekdavomės, riektis
riekdavotės, riektis
rieksiusi, riektis
rieksisi, riektis
rieksis, riektis
rieksimės, riektis
rieksitės, riektis
riekčiausi, riektis
riektumeisi, riektis
riektųsi, riektis
riektu(mė)mės, riektis
riektu(mė)tės, riektis
riestis, riestis
riečiuosi, riestis
riečiesi, riestis
riečiasi, riestis
riečiamės, riestis
riečiatės, riestis
riesks, riestis
rieskitės, riestis
rieskimės, riestis
rieteisi, riestis
rietėsi, riestis
rietėmės, riestis
rietėtės, riestis
riesdavausi, riestis
riesdavaisi, riestis
riesdavosi, riestis
riesdavomės, riestis
riesdavotės, riestis
riesiusi, riestis
riesisi, riestis
riesis, riestis
riesimės, riestis
riesitės, riestis
riesčiausi, riestis
riestumeisi, riestis
riestųsi, riestis
riestu(mė)mės, riestis
riestu(mė)tės, riestis
rietis, rietis
riejuosi, rietis
riejiesi, rietis
riejasi, rietis
riejamės, rietis
riejatės, rietis
rieks, rietis
riekitės, rietis
riekimės, rietis
riejausi, rietis
riejaisi, rietis
riejosi, rietis
riejomės, rietis
riejotės, rietis
riedavausi, rietis
riedavaisi, rietis
riedavosi, rietis
riedavomės, rietis
riedavotės, rietis
riesiusi, rietis
riesisi, rietis
riesis, rietis
riesimės, rietis
riesitės, rietis
riečiausi, rietis
rietumeisi, rietis
rietųsi, rietis
rietu(mė)mės, rietis
rietu(mė)tės, rietis
rikiuotis, rikiuotis
rikiuojuosi, rikiuotis
rikiuojiesi, rikiuotis
rikiuojasi, rikiuotis
rikiuojamės, rikiuotis
rikiuojatės, rikiuotis
rikiuoks, rikiuotis
rikiuokitės, rikiuotis
rikiuokimės, rikiuotis
rikiavausi, rikiuotis
rikiavaisi, rikiuotis
rikiavosi, rikiuotis
rikiavomės, rikiuotis
rikiavotės, rikiuotis
rikiuodavausi, rikiuotis
rikiuodavaisi, rikiuotis
rikiuodavosi, rikiuotis
rikiuodavomės, rikiuotis
rikiuodavotės, rikiuotis
rikiuosiusi, rikiuotis
rikiuosisi, rikiuotis
rikiuosis, rikiuotis
rikiuosimės, rikiuotis
rikiuositės, rikiuotis
rikiuočiausi, rikiuotis
rikiuotumeisi, rikiuotis
rikiuotųsi, rikiuotis
rikiuotu(mė)mės, rikiuotis
rikiuotu(mė)tės, rikiuotis
rimuotis, rimuotis
rimuojuosi, rimuotis
rimuojiesi, rimuotis
rimuojasi, rimuotis
rimuojamės, rimuotis
rimuojatės, rimuotis
rimuoks, rimuotis
rimuokitės, rimuotis
rimuokimės, rimuotis
rimavausi, rimuotis
rimavaisi, rimuotis
rimavosi, rimuotis
rimavomės, rimuotis
rimavotės, rimuotis
rimuodavausi, rimuotis
rimuodavaisi, rimuotis
rimuodavosi, rimuotis
rimuodavomės, rimuotis
rimuodavotės, rimuotis
rimuosiusi, rimuotis
rimuosisi, rimuotis
rimuosis, rimuotis
rimuosimės, rimuotis
rimuositės, rimuotis
rimuočiausi, rimuotis
rimuotumeisi, rimuotis
rimuotųsi, rimuotis
rimuotu(mė)mės, rimuotis
rimuotu(mė)tės, rimuotis
rinktis, rinktis
renkuosi, rinktis
renkiesi, rinktis
renkasi, rinktis
renkamės, rinktis
renkatės, rinktis
rinks, rinktis
rinkitės, rinktis
rinkimės, rinktis
rinkausi, rinktis
rinkaisi, rinktis
rinkosi, rinktis
rinkomės, rinktis
rinkotės, rinktis
rinkdavausi, rinktis
rinkdavaisi, rinktis
rinkdavosi, rinktis
rinkdavomės, rinktis
rinkdavotės, rinktis
rinksiusi, rinktis
rinksisi, rinktis
rinksis, rinktis
rinksimės, rinktis
rinksitės, rinktis
rinkčiausi, rinktis
rinktumeisi, rinktis
rinktųsi, rinktis
rinktu(mė)mės, rinktis
rinktu(mė)tės, rinktis
risnotis, risnotis
risnojuosi, risnotis
risnojiesi, risnotis
risnojasi, risnotis
risnojamės, risnotis
risnojatės, risnotis
risnoks, risnotis
risnokitės, risnotis
risnokimės, risnotis
risnojausi, risnotis
risnojaisi, risnotis
risnojosi, risnotis
risnojomės, risnotis
risnojotės, risnotis
risnodavausi, risnotis
risnodavaisi, risnotis
risnodavosi, risnotis
risnodavomės, risnotis
risnodavotės, risnotis
risnosiusi, risnotis
risnosisi, risnotis
risnosis, risnotis
risnosimės, risnotis
risnositės, risnotis
risnočiausi, risnotis
risnotumeisi, risnotis
risnotųsi, risnotis
risnotu(mė)mės, risnotis
risnotu(mė)tės, risnotis
ristis, ristis
rituosi, ristis
ritiesi, ristis
ritasi, ristis
ritamės, ristis
ritatės, ristis
risks, ristis
riskitės, ristis
riskimės, ristis
ritausi, ristis
ritaisi, ristis
ritosi, ristis
ritomės, ristis
ritotės, ristis
risdavausi, ristis
risdavaisi, ristis
risdavosi, ristis
risdavomės, ristis
risdavotės, ristis
risiusi, ristis
risisi, ristis
risis, ristis
risimės, ristis
risitės, ristis
risčiausi, ristis
ristumeisi, ristis
ristųsi, ristis
ristu(mė)mės, ristis
ristu(mė)tės, ristis
rizikuotis, rizikuotis
rizikuojuosi, rizikuotis
rizikuojiesi, rizikuotis
rizikuojasi, rizikuotis
rizikuojamės, rizikuotis
rizikuojatės, rizikuotis
rizikuoks, rizikuotis
rizikuokitės, rizikuotis
rizikuokimės, rizikuotis
rizikavausi, rizikuotis
rizikavaisi, rizikuotis
rizikavosi, rizikuotis
rizikavomės, rizikuotis
rizikavotės, rizikuotis
rizikuodavausi, rizikuotis
rizikuodavaisi, rizikuotis
rizikuodavosi, rizikuotis
rizikuodavomės, rizikuotis
rizikuodavotės, rizikuotis
rizikuosiusi, rizikuotis
rizikuosisi, rizikuotis
rizikuosis, rizikuotis
rizikuosimės, rizikuotis
rizikuositės, rizikuotis
rizikuočiausi, rizikuotis
rizikuotumeisi, rizikuotis
rizikuotųsi, rizikuotis
rizikuotu(mė)mės, rizikuotis
rizikuotu(mė)tės, rizikuotis
rodytis, rodytis
rodžausi, rodytis
rodaisi, rodytis
rodosi, rodytis
rodomės, rodytis
rodotės, rodytis
rodyks, rodytis
rodykitės, rodytis
rodykimės, rodytis
rodeisi, rodytis
rodėsi, rodytis
rodėmės, rodytis
rodėtės, rodytis
rodydavausi, rodytis
rodydavaisi, rodytis
rodydavosi, rodytis
rodydavomės, rodytis
rodydavotės, rodytis
rodysiusi, rodytis
rodysisi, rodytis
rodysis, rodytis
rodysimės, rodytis
rodysitės, rodytis
rodyčiausi, rodytis
rodytumeisi, rodytis
rodytųsi, rodytis
rodytu(mė)mės, rodytis
rodytu(mė)tės, rodytis
ropotis, ropotis
ropojuosi, ropotis
ropojiesi, ropotis
ropojasi, ropotis
ropojamės, ropotis
ropojatės, ropotis
ropoks, ropotis
ropokitės, ropotis
ropokimės, ropotis
ropojausi, ropotis
ropojaisi, ropotis
ropojosi, ropotis
ropojomės, ropotis
ropojotės, ropotis
ropodavausi, ropotis
ropodavaisi, ropotis
ropodavosi, ropotis
ropodavomės, ropotis
ropodavotės, ropotis
roposiusi, ropotis
roposisi, ropotis
roposis, ropotis
roposimės, ropotis
ropositės, ropotis
ropočiausi, ropotis
ropotumeisi, ropotis
ropotųsi, ropotis
ropotu(mė)mės, ropotis
ropotu(mė)tės, ropotis
rūdytis, rūdytis
rūdijuosi, rūdytis
rūdijiesi, rūdytis
rūdijasi, rūdytis
rūdijamės, rūdytis
rūdijatės, rūdytis
rūdyks, rūdytis
rūdykitės, rūdytis
rūdykimės, rūdytis
rūdijausi, rūdytis
rūdijaisi, rūdytis
rūdijosi, rūdytis
rūdijomės, rūdytis
rūdijotės, rūdytis
rūdydavausi, rūdytis
rūdydavaisi, rūdytis
rūdydavosi, rūdytis
rūdydavomės, rūdytis
rūdydavotės, rūdytis
rūdysiusi, rūdytis
rūdysisi, rūdytis
rūdisis, rūdytis
rūdysimės, rūdytis
rūdysitės, rūdytis
rūdyčiausi, rūdytis
rūdytumeisi, rūdytis
rūdytųsi, rūdytis
rūdytu(mė)mės, rūdytis
rūdytu(mė)tės, rūdytis
rūgtis, rūgtis
rūgstuosi, rūgtis
rūgstiesi, rūgtis
rūgstasi, rūgtis
rūgstamės, rūgtis
rūgstatės, rūgtis
rūks, rūgtis
rūkitės, rūgtis
rūkimės, rūgtis
rūgausi, rūgtis
rūgaisi, rūgtis
rūgosi, rūgtis
rūgomės, rūgtis
rūgotės, rūgtis
rūgdavausi, rūgtis
rūgdavaisi, rūgtis
rūgdavosi, rūgtis
rūgdavomės, rūgtis
rūgdavotės, rūgtis
rūgsiusi, rūgtis
rūgsisi, rūgtis
rūgsis, rūgtis
rūgsimės, rūgtis
rūgsitės, rūgtis
rūgčiausi, rūgtis
rūgtumeisi, rūgtis
rūgtųsi, rūgtis
rūgtu(mė)mės, rūgtis
rūgtu(mė)tės, rūgtis
rūktis, rūktis
rūkstuosi, rūktis
rūkstiesi, rūktis
rūkstasi, rūktis
rūkstamės, rūktis
rūkstatės, rūktis
rūks, rūktis
rūkitės, rūktis
rūkimės, rūktis
rūkausi, rūktis
rūkaisi, rūktis
rūkosi, rūktis
rūkomės, rūktis
rūkotės, rūktis
rūkdavausi, rūktis
rūkdavaisi, rūktis
rūkdavosi, rūktis
rūkdavomės, rūktis
rūkdavotės, rūktis
rūksiusi, rūktis
rūksisi, rūktis
rūksis, rūktis
rūksimės, rūktis
rūksitės, rūktis
rūkčiausi, rūktis
rūktumeisi, rūktis
rūktųsi, rūktis
rūktu(mė)mės, rūktis
rūktu(mė)tės, rūktis
rūkytis, rūkytis
rūkausi, rūkytis
rūkaisi, rūkytis
rūkosi, rūkytis
rūkomės, rūkytis
rūkotės, rūkytis
rūkyks, rūkytis
rūkykitės, rūkytis
rūkykimės, rūkytis
rūkiausi, rūkytis
rūkeisi, rūkytis
rūkėsi, rūkytis
rūkėmės, rūkytis
rūkėtės, rūkytis
rūkydavausi, rūkytis
rūkydavaisi, rūkytis
rūkydavosi, rūkytis
rūkydavomės, rūkytis
rūkydavotės, rūkytis
rūkysiusi, rūkytis
rūkysisi, rūkytis
rūkysis, rūkytis
rūkysimės, rūkytis
rūkysitės, rūkytis
rūkyčiausi, rūkytis
rūkytumeisi, rūkytis
rūkytųsi, rūkytis
rūkytu(mė)mės, rūkytis
rūkytu(mė)tės, rūkytis
rungtyniautis, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaujuosi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaujiesi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaujasi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaujamės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaujatės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniauks, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaukitės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaukimės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniavausi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniavaisi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniavosi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniavomės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniavotės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaudavausi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaudavaisi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaudavosi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaudavomės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaudavotės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniausiusi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniausisi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniausis, rungtyniautis
rungtyniausimės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniausitės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniaučiausi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniautumeisi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniautųsi, rungtyniautis
rungtyniautu(mė)mės, rungtyniautis
rungtyniautu(mė)tės, rungtyniautis
ruoštis, ruoštis
ruošiuosi, ruoštis
ruošiesi, ruoštis
ruošiasi, ruoštis
ruošiamės, ruoštis
ruošiatės, ruoštis
ruošks, ruoštis
ruoškitės, ruoštis
ruoškimės, ruoštis
ruošiausi, ruoštis
ruošeisi, ruoštis
ruošėsi, ruoštis
ruošėmės, ruoštis
ruošėtės, ruoštis
ruošdavausi, ruoštis
ruošdavaisi, ruoštis
ruošdavosi, ruoštis
ruošdavomės, ruoštis
ruošdavotės, ruoštis
ruoššiusi, ruoštis
ruoššisi, ruoštis
ruoššis, ruoštis
ruoššimės, ruoštis
ruoššitės, ruoštis
ruoščiausi, ruoštis
ruoštumeisi, ruoštis
ruoštųsi, ruoštis
ruoštu(mė)mės, ruoštis
ruoštu(mė)tės, ruoštis
rūpėtis, rūpėtis
rūpiusi, rūpėtis
rūpisi, rūpėtis
rūpisi, rūpėtis
rūpimės, rūpėtis
rūpitės, rūpėtis
rūpėks, rūpėtis
rūpėkitės, rūpėtis
rūpėkimės, rūpėtis
rupėjausi, rūpėtis
rupėjaisi, rūpėtis
rupėjosi, rūpėtis
rupėjomės, rūpėtis
rupėjotės, rūpėtis
rūpėdavausi, rūpėtis
rūpėdavaisi, rūpėtis
rūpėdavosi, rūpėtis
rūpėdavomės, rūpėtis
rūpėdavotės, rūpėtis
rūpėsiusi, rūpėtis
rūpėsisi, rūpėtis
rupėsis, rūpėtis
rūpėsimės, rūpėtis
rūpėsitės, rūpėtis
rūpėčiausi, rūpėtis
rūpėtumeisi, rūpėtis
rūpėtųsi, rūpėtis
rūpėtu(mė)mės, rūpėtis
rūpėtu(mė)tės, rūpėtis
rūpintis, rūpintis
rūpinuosi, rūpintis
rūpiniesi, rūpintis
rūpinasi, rūpintis
rūpinamės, rūpintis
rūpinatės, rūpintis
rūpinks, rūpintis
rūpinkitės, rūpintis
rūpinkimės, rūpintis
rūpinausi, rūpintis
rūpinaisi, rūpintis
rūpinosi, rūpintis
rūpinomės, rūpintis
rūpinotės, rūpintis
rūpindavausi, rūpintis
rūpindavaisi, rūpintis
rūpindavosi, rūpintis
rūpindavomės, rūpintis
rūpindavotės, rūpintis
rūpinsiusi, rūpintis
rūpinsisi, rūpintis
rūpinsis, rūpintis
rūpinsimės, rūpintis
rūpinsitės, rūpintis
rūpinčiausi, rūpintis
rūpintumeisi, rūpintis
rūpintųsi, rūpintis
rūpintu(mė)mės, rūpintis
rūpintu(mė)tės, rūpintis
ruptis, ruptis
rumpuosi, ruptis
rumpiesi, ruptis
rumpasi, ruptis
rumpamės, ruptis
rumpatės, ruptis
rupks, ruptis
rupkitės, ruptis
rupkimės, ruptis
rupausi, ruptis
rupaisi, ruptis
ruposi, ruptis
rupomės, ruptis
rupotės, ruptis
rupdavausi, ruptis
rupdavaisi, ruptis
rupdavosi, ruptis
rupdavomės, ruptis
rupdavotės, ruptis
rupsiusi, ruptis
rupsisi, ruptis
rupsis, ruptis
rupsimės, ruptis
rupsitės, ruptis
rupčiausi, ruptis
ruptumeisi, ruptis
ruptųsi, ruptis
ruptu(mė)mės, ruptis
ruptu(mė)tės, ruptis
rusentis, rusentis
rusenuosi, rusentis
ruseniesi, rusentis
rusenasi, rusentis
rusenamės, rusentis
rusenatės, rusentis
rusenks, rusentis
rusenkitės, rusentis
rusenkimės, rusentis
rusenausi, rusentis
rusenaisi, rusentis
rusenosi, rusentis
rusenomės, rusentis
rusenotės, rusentis
rusendavausi, rusentis
rusendavaisi, rusentis
rusendavosi, rusentis
rusendavomės, rusentis
rusendavotės, rusentis
rusensiusi, rusentis
rusensisi, rusentis
rusensis, rusentis
rusensimės, rusentis
rusensitės, rusentis
rusenčiausi, rusentis
rusentumeisi, rusentis
rusentųsi, rusentis
rusentu(mė)mės, rusentis
rusentu(mė)tės, rusentis
rusintis, rusintis
rusinuosi, rusintis
rusiniesi, rusintis
rusinasi, rusintis
rusinamės, rusintis
rusinatės, rusintis
rusinks, rusintis
rusinkitės, rusintis
rusinkimės, rusintis
rusinausi, rusintis
rusinaisi, rusintis
rusinosi, rusintis
rusinomės, rusintis
rusinotės, rusintis
rusindavausi, rusintis
rusindavaisi, rusintis
rusindavosi, rusintis
rusindavomės, rusintis
rusindavotės, rusintis
rusinsiusi, rusintis
rusinsisi, rusintis
rusinsis, rusintis
rusinsimės, rusintis
rusinsitės, rusintis
rusinčiausi, rusintis
rusintumeisi, rusintis
rusintųsi, rusintis
rusintu(mė)mės, rusintis
rusintu(mė)tės, rusintis
rūšiuotis, rūšiuotis
rūšiuojuosi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuojiesi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuojasi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuojamės, rūšiuotis
rūšiuojatės, rūšiuotis
rūšiuoks, rūšiuotis
rūšiuokitės, rūšiuotis
rūšiuokimės, rūšiuotis
rūšiavausi, rūšiuotis
rūšiavaisi, rūšiuotis
rūšiavosi, rūšiuotis
rūšiavomės, rūšiuotis
rūšiavotės, rūšiuotis
rūšiuodavausi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuodavaisi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuodavosi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuodavomės, rūšiuotis
rūšiuodavotės, rūšiuotis
rūšiuosiusi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuosisi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuosis, rūšiuotis
rūšiuosimės, rūšiuotis
rūšiuositės, rūšiuotis
rūšiuočiausi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuotumeisi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuotųsi, rūšiuotis
rūšiuotu(mė)mės, rūšiuotis
rūšiuotu(mė)tės, rūšiuotis
rūstautis, rūstautis
rūstaujuosi, rūstautis
rūstaujiesi, rūstautis
rūstaujasi, rūstautis
rūstaujamės, rūstautis
rūstaujatės, rūstautis
rūstauks, rūstautis
rūstaukitės, rūstautis
rūstaukimės, rūstautis
rūstavausi, rūstautis
rūstavaisi, rūstautis
rūstavosi, rūstautis
rūstavomės, rūstautis
rūstavotės, rūstautis
rūstaudavausi, rūstautis
rūstaudavaisi, rūstautis
rūstaudavosi, rūstautis
rūstaudavomės, rūstautis
rūstaudavotės, rūstautis
rūstausiusi, rūstautis
rūstausisi, rūstautis
rūstausis, rūstautis
rūstausimės, rūstautis
rūstausitės, rūstautis
rūstaučiausi, rūstautis
rūstautumeisi, rūstautis
rūstautųsi, rūstautis
rūstautu(mė)mės, rūstautis
rūstautu(mė)tės, rūstautis
ryšėtis, ryšėtis
ryšiusi, ryšėtis
ryšisi, ryšėtis
ryšisi, ryšėtis
ryšimės, ryšėtis
ryšitės, ryšėtis
ryšėks, ryšėtis
ryšėkitės, ryšėtis
ryšėkimės, ryšėtis
ryšėjausi, ryšėtis
ryšėjaisi, ryšėtis
ryšėjosi, ryšėtis
ryšėjomės, ryšėtis
ryšėjotės, ryšėtis
ryšėdavausi, ryšėtis
ryšėdavaisi, ryšėtis
ryšėdavosi, ryšėtis
ryšėdavomės, ryšėtis
ryšėdavotės, ryšėtis
ryšėsiusi, ryšėtis
ryšėsisi, ryšėtis
ryšėsis, ryšėtis
ryšėsimės, ryšėtis
ryšėsitės, ryšėtis
ryšėčiausi, ryšėtis
ryšėtumeisi, ryšėtis
ryšėtųsi, ryšėtis
ryšėtu(mė)mės, ryšėtis
ryšėtu(mė)tės, ryšėtis
ryškėtis, ryškėtis
ryškėjuosi, ryškėtis
ryškėjiesi, ryškėtis
ryškėjasi, ryškėtis
ryškėjamės, ryškėtis
ryškėjatės, ryškėtis
ryškėks, ryškėtis
ryškėkitės, ryškėtis
ryškėkimės, ryškėtis
ryškėjausi, ryškėtis
ryškėjaisi, ryškėtis
ryškėjosi, ryškėtis
ryškėjomės, ryškėtis
ryškėjotės, ryškėtis
ryškėdavausi, ryškėtis
ryškėdavaisi, ryškėtis
ryškėdavosi, ryškėtis
ryškėdavomės, ryškėtis
ryškėdavotės, ryškėtis
ryškėsiusi, ryškėtis
ryškėsisi, ryškėtis
ryškėsis, ryškėtis
ryškėsimės, ryškėtis
ryškėsitės, ryškėtis
ryškėčiausi, ryškėtis
ryškėtumeisi, ryškėtis
ryškėtųsi, ryškėtis
ryškėtu(mė)mės, ryškėtis
ryškėtu(mė)tės, ryškėtis
rytis, rytis
ryjuosi, rytis
ryjiesi, rytis
ryjasi, rytis
ryjamės, rytis
ryjatės, rytis
ryks, rytis
rykitės, rytis
rykimės, rytis
rijausi, rytis
rijaisi, rytis
rijosi, rytis
rijomės, rytis
rijotės, rytis
rydavausi, rytis
rydavaisi, rytis
rydavosi, rytis
rydavomės, rytis
rydavotės, rytis
rysiusi, rytis
rysisi, rytis
risis, rytis
rysimės, rytis
rysitės, rytis
ryčiausi, rytis
rytumeisi, rytis
rytųsi, rytis
rytu(mė)mės, rytis
rytu(mė)tės, rytis
sabotuotis, sabotuotis
sabotuojuosi, sabotuotis
sabotuojiesi, sabotuotis
sabotuojasi, sabotuotis
sabotuojamės, sabotuotis
sabotuojatės, sabotuotis
sabotuoks, sabotuotis
sabotuokitės, sabotuotis
sabotuokimės, sabotuotis
sabotavausi, sabotuotis
sabotavaisi, sabotuotis
sabotavosi, sabotuotis
sabotavomės, sabotuotis
sabotavotės, sabotuotis
sabotuodavausi, sabotuotis
sabotuodavaisi, sabotuotis
sabotuodavosi, sabotuotis
sabotuodavomės, sabotuotis
sabotuodavotės, sabotuotis
sabotuosiusi, sabotuotis
sabotuosisi, sabotuotis
sabotuosis, sabotuotis
sabotuosimės, sabotuotis
sabotuositės, sabotuotis
sabotuočiausi, sabotuotis
sabotuotumeisi, sabotuotis
sabotuotųsi, sabotuotis
sabotuotu(mė)mės, sabotuotis
sabotuotu(mė)tės, sabotuotis
sakinėtis, sakinėtis
sakinėjuosi, sakinėtis
sakinėjiesi, sakinėtis
sakinėjasi, sakinėtis
sakinėjamės, sakinėtis
sakinėjatės, sakinėtis
sakinėks, sakinėtis
sakinėkitės, sakinėtis
sakinėkimės, sakinėtis
sakinėjausi, sakinėtis
sakinėjaisi, sakinėtis
sakinėjosi, sakinėtis
sakinėjomės, sakinėtis
sakinėjotės, sakinėtis
sakinėdavausi, sakinėtis
sakinėdavaisi, sakinėtis
sakinėdavosi, sakinėtis
sakinėdavomės, sakinėtis
sakinėdavotės, sakinėtis
sakinėsiusi, sakinėtis
sakinėsisi, sakinėtis
sakinėsis, sakinėtis
sakinėsimės, sakinėtis
sakinėsitės, sakinėtis
sakinėčiausi, sakinėtis
sakinėtumeisi, sakinėtis
sakinėtųsi, sakinėtis
sakinėtu(mė)mės, sakinėtis
sakinėtu(mė)tės, sakinėtis
sakytis, sakytis
sakausi, sakytis
sakaisi, sakytis
sakosi, sakytis
sakomės, sakytis
sakotės, sakytis
sakyks, sakytis
sakykitės, sakytis
sakykimės, sakytis
sakiausi, sakytis
sakeisi, sakytis
sakėsi, sakytis
sakėmės, sakytis
sakėtės, sakytis
sakydavausi, sakytis
sakydavaisi, sakytis
sakydavosi, sakytis
sakydavomės, sakytis
sakydavotės, sakytis
sakysiusi, sakytis
sakysisi, sakytis
sakysis, sakytis
sakysimės, sakytis
sakysitės, sakytis
sakyčiausi, sakytis
sakytumeisi, sakytis
sakytųsi, sakytis
sakytu(mė)mės, sakytis
sakytu(mė)tės, sakytis
šaldytis, šaldytis
šaldžausi, šaldytis
šaldaisi, šaldytis
šaldosi, šaldytis
šaldomės, šaldytis
šaldotės, šaldytis
šaldyks, šaldytis
šaldykitės, šaldytis
šaldykimės, šaldytis
šaldeisi, šaldytis
šaldėsi, šaldytis
šaldėmės, šaldytis
šaldėtės, šaldytis
šaldydavausi, šaldytis
šaldydavaisi, šaldytis
šaldydavosi, šaldytis
šaldydavomės, šaldytis
šaldydavotės, šaldytis
šaldysiusi, šaldytis
šaldysisi, šaldytis
šaldysis, šaldytis
šaldysimės, šaldytis
šaldysitės, šaldytis
šaldyčiausi, šaldytis
šaldytumeisi, šaldytis
šaldytųsi, šaldytis
šaldytu(mė)mės, šaldytis
šaldytu(mė)tės, šaldytis
šalintis, šalintis
šalinuosi, šalintis
šaliniesi, šalintis
šalinasi, šalintis
šalinamės, šalintis
šalinatės, šalintis
šalinks, šalintis
šalinkitės, šalintis
šalinkimės, šalintis
šalinausi, šalintis
šalinaisi, šalintis
šalinosi, šalintis
šalinomės, šalintis
šalinotės, šalintis
šalindavausi, šalintis
šalindavaisi, šalintis
šalindavosi, šalintis
šalindavomės, šalintis
šalindavotės, šalintis
šalinsiusi, šalintis
šalinsisi, šalintis
šalinsis, šalintis
šalinsimės, šalintis
šalinsitės, šalintis
šalinčiausi, šalintis
šalintumeisi, šalintis
šalintųsi, šalintis
šalintu(mė)mės, šalintis
šalintu(mė)tės, šalintis
šaltis, šaltis
šąluosi, šaltis
šąliesi, šaltis
šąlasi, šaltis
šąlamės, šaltis
šąlatės, šaltis
šalks, šaltis
šalkitės, šaltis
šalkimės, šaltis
šalausi, šaltis
šalaisi, šaltis
šalosi, šaltis
šalomės, šaltis
šalotės, šaltis
šaldavausi, šaltis
šaldavaisi, šaltis
šaldavosi, šaltis
šaldavomės, šaltis
šaldavotės, šaltis
šalsiusi, šaltis
šalsisi, šaltis
šalsis, šaltis
šalsimės, šaltis
šalsitės, šaltis
šalčiausi, šaltis
šaltumeisi, šaltis
šaltųsi, šaltis
šaltu(mė)mės, šaltis
šaltu(mė)tės, šaltis
samdytis, samdytis
samdžausi, samdytis
samdaisi, samdytis
samdosi, samdytis
samdomės, samdytis
samdotės, samdytis
samdyks, samdytis
samdykitės, samdytis
samdykimės, samdytis
samdeisi, samdytis
samdėsi, samdytis
samdėmės, samdytis
samdėtės, samdytis
samdydavausi, samdytis
samdydavaisi, samdytis
samdydavosi, samdytis
samdydavomės, samdytis
samdydavotės, samdytis
samdysiusi, samdytis
samdysisi, samdytis
samdysis, samdytis
samdysimės, samdytis
samdysitės, samdytis
samdyčiausi, samdytis
samdytumeisi, samdytis
samdytųsi, samdytis
samdytu(mė)mės, samdytis
samdytu(mė)tės, samdytis
sandėliuotis, sandėliuotis
sandėliuojuosi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuojiesi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuojasi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuojamės, sandėliuotis
sandėliuojatės, sandėliuotis
sandėliuoks, sandėliuotis
sandėliuokitės, sandėliuotis
sandėliuokimės, sandėliuotis
sandėliavausi, sandėliuotis
sandėliavaisi, sandėliuotis
sandėliavosi, sandėliuotis
sandėliavomės, sandėliuotis
sandėliavotės, sandėliuotis
sandėliuodavausi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuodavaisi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuodavosi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuodavomės, sandėliuotis
sandėliuodavotės, sandėliuotis
sandėliuosiusi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuosisi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuosis, sandėliuotis
sandėliuosimės, sandėliuotis
sandėliuositės, sandėliuotis
sandėliuočiausi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuotumeisi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuotųsi, sandėliuotis
sandėliuotu(mė)mės, sandėliuotis
sandėliuotu(mė)tės, sandėliuotis
šantažuotis, šantažuotis
šantažuojuosi, šantažuotis
šantažuojiesi, šantažuotis
šantažuojasi, šantažuotis
šantažuojamės, šantažuotis
šantažuojatės, šantažuotis
šantažuoks, šantažuotis
šantažuokitės, šantažuotis
šantažuokimės, šantažuotis
šantažavausi, šantažuotis
šantažavaisi, šantažuotis
šantažavosi, šantažuotis
šantažavomės, šantažuotis
šantažavotės, šantažuotis
šantažuodavausi, šantažuotis
šantažuodavaisi, šantažuotis
šantažuodavosi, šantažuotis
šantažuodavomės, šantažuotis
šantažuodavotės, šantažuotis
šantažuosiusi, šantažuotis
šantažuosisi, šantažuotis
šantažuosis, šantažuotis
šantažuosimės, šantažuotis
šantažuositės, šantažuotis
šantažuočiausi, šantažuotis
šantažuotumeisi, šantažuotis
šantažuotųsi, šantažuotis
šantažuotu(mė)mės, šantažuotis
šantažuotu(mė)tės, šantažuotis
santykiautis, santykiautis
santykiaujuosi, santykiautis
santykiaujiesi, santykiautis
santykiaujasi, santykiautis
santykiaujamės, santykiautis
santykiaujatės, santykiautis
santykiauks, santykiautis
santykiaukitės, santykiautis
santykiaukimės, santykiautis
santykiavausi, santykiautis
santykiavaisi, santykiautis
santykiavosi, santykiautis
santykiavomės, santykiautis
santykiavotės, santykiautis
santykiaudavausi, santykiautis
santykiaudavaisi, santykiautis
santykiaudavosi, santykiautis
santykiaudavomės, santykiautis
santykiaudavotės, santykiautis
santykiausiusi, santykiautis
santykiausisi, santykiautis
santykiausis, santykiautis
santykiausimės, santykiautis
santykiausitės, santykiautis
santykiaučiausi, santykiautis
santykiautumeisi, santykiautis
santykiautųsi, santykiautis
santykiautu(mė)mės, santykiautis
santykiautu(mė)tės, santykiautis
šaudytis, šaudytis
šaudžausi, šaudytis
šaudaisi, šaudytis
šaudosi, šaudytis
šaudomės, šaudytis
šaudotės, šaudytis
šaudyks, šaudytis
šaudykitės, šaudytis
šaudykimės, šaudytis
šaudeisi, šaudytis
šaudėsi, šaudytis
šaudėmės, šaudytis
šaudėtės, šaudytis
šaudydavausi, šaudytis
šaudydavaisi, šaudytis
šaudydavosi, šaudytis
šaudydavomės, šaudytis
šaudydavotės, šaudytis
šaudysiusi, šaudytis
šaudysisi, šaudytis
šaudysis, šaudytis
šaudysimės, šaudytis
šaudysitės, šaudytis
šaudyčiausi, šaudytis
šaudytumeisi, šaudytis
šaudytųsi, šaudytis
šaudytu(mė)mės, šaudytis
šaudytu(mė)tės, šaudytis
saugotis, saugotis
saugojuosi, saugotis
saugojiesi, saugotis
saugojasi, saugotis
saugojamės, saugotis
saugojatės, saugotis
saugoks, saugotis
saugokitės, saugotis
saugokimės, saugotis
saugojausi, saugotis
saugojaisi, saugotis
saugojosi, saugotis
saugojomės, saugotis
saugojotės, saugotis
saugodavausi, saugotis
saugodavaisi, saugotis
saugodavosi, saugotis
saugodavomės, saugotis
saugodavotės, saugotis
saugosiusi, saugotis
saugosisi, saugotis
saugosis, saugotis
saugosimės, saugotis
saugositės, saugotis
saugočiausi, saugotis
saugotumeisi, saugotis
saugotųsi, saugotis
saugotu(mė)mės, saugotis
saugotu(mė)tės, saugotis
šauktis, šauktis
šaukiuosi, šauktis
šaukiesi, šauktis
šaukiasi, šauktis
šaukiamės, šauktis
šaukiatės, šauktis
šauks, šauktis
šaukitės, šauktis
šaukimės, šauktis
šaukiausi, šauktis
šaukeisi, šauktis
šaukėsi, šauktis
šaukėmės, šauktis
šaukėtės, šauktis
šaukdavausi, šauktis
šaukdavaisi, šauktis
šaukdavosi, šauktis
šaukdavomės, šauktis
šaukdavotės, šauktis
šauksiusi, šauktis
šauksisi, šauktis
šauksis, šauktis
šauksimės, šauktis
šauksitės, šauktis
šaukčiausi, šauktis
šauktumeisi, šauktis
šauktųsi, šauktis
šauktu(mė)mės, šauktis
šauktu(mė)tės, šauktis
šautis, šautis
šaunuosi, šautis
šauniesi, šautis
šaunasi, šautis
šaunamės, šautis
šaunatės, šautis
šauks, šautis
šaukitės, šautis
šaukimės, šautis
šoviausi, šautis
šoveisi, šautis
šovėsi, šautis
šovėmės, šautis
šovėtės, šautis
šaudavausi, šautis
šaudavaisi, šautis
šaudavosi, šautis
šaudavomės, šautis
šaudavotės, šautis
šausiusi, šautis
šausisi, šautis
šausis, šautis
šausimės, šautis
šausitės, šautis
šaučiausi, šautis
šautumeisi, šautis
šautųsi, šautis
šautu(mė)mės, šautis
šautu(mė)tės, šautis
savintis, savintis
savinuosi, savintis
saviniesi, savintis
savinasi, savintis
savinamės, savintis
savinatės, savintis
savinks, savintis
savinkitės, savintis
savinkimės, savintis
savinausi, savintis
savinaisi, savintis
savinosi, savintis
savinomės, savintis
savinotės, savintis
savindavausi, savintis
savindavaisi, savintis
savindavosi, savintis
savindavomės, savintis
savindavotės, savintis
savinsiusi, savintis
savinsisi, savintis
savinsis, savintis
savinsimės, savintis
savinsitės, savintis
savinčiausi, savintis
savintumeisi, savintis
savintųsi, savintis
savintu(mė)mės, savintis
savintu(mė)tės, savintis
sėdėtis, sėdėtis
sėdžiusi, sėdėtis
sėdisi, sėdėtis
sėdisi, sėdėtis
sėdimės, sėdėtis
sėditės, sėdėtis
sėdėks, sėdėtis
sėdėkitės, sėdėtis
sėdėkimės, sėdėtis
sėdėjausi, sėdėtis
sėdėjaisi, sėdėtis
sėdėjosi, sėdėtis
sėdėjomės, sėdėtis
sėdėjotės, sėdėtis
sėdėdavausi, sėdėtis
sėdėdavaisi, sėdėtis
sėdėdavosi, sėdėtis
sėdėdavomės, sėdėtis
sėdėdavotės, sėdėtis
sėdėsiusi, sėdėtis
sėdėsisi, sėdėtis
sėdėsis, sėdėtis
sėdėsimės, sėdėtis
sėdėsitės, sėdėtis
sėdėčiausi, sėdėtis
sėdėtumeisi, sėdėtis
sėdėtųsi, sėdėtis
sėdėtu(mė)mės, sėdėtis
sėdėtu(mė)tės, sėdėtis
segtis, segtis
seguosi, segtis
segiesi, segtis
segasi, segtis
segamės, segtis
segatės, segtis
seks, segtis
sekitės, segtis
sekimės, segtis
segiausi, segtis
segeisi, segtis
segėsi, segtis
segėmės, segtis
segėtės, segtis
segdavausi, segtis
segdavaisi, segtis
segdavosi, segtis
segdavomės, segtis
segdavotės, segtis
segsiusi, segtis
segsisi, segtis
segsis, segtis
segsimės, segtis
segsitės, segtis
segčiausi, segtis
segtumeisi, segtis
segtųsi, segtis
segtu(mė)mės, segtis
segtu(mė)tės, segtis
šeimininkautis, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaujuosi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaujiesi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaujasi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaujamės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaujatės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkauks, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaukitės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaukimės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkavausi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkavaisi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkavosi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkavomės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkavotės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaudavausi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaudavaisi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaudavosi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaudavomės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaudavotės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkausiusi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkausisi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkausis, šeimininkautis
šeimininkausimės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkausitės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkaučiausi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkautumeisi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkautųsi, šeimininkautis
šeimininkautu(mė)mės, šeimininkautis
šeimininkautu(mė)tės, šeimininkautis
sekintis, sekintis
sekinuosi, sekintis
sekiniesi, sekintis
sekinasi, sekintis
sekinamės, sekintis
sekinatės, sekintis
sekinks, sekintis
sekinkitės, sekintis
sekinkimės, sekintis
sekinausi, sekintis
sekinaisi, sekintis
sekinosi, sekintis
sekinomės, sekintis
sekinotės, sekintis
sekindavausi, sekintis
sekindavaisi, sekintis
sekindavosi, sekintis
sekindavomės, sekintis
sekindavotės, sekintis
sekinsiusi, sekintis
sekinsisi, sekintis
sekinsis, sekintis
sekinsimės, sekintis
sekinsitės, sekintis
sekinčiausi, sekintis
sekintumeisi, sekintis
sekintųsi, sekintis
sekintu(mė)mės, sekintis
sekintu(mė)tės, sekintis
sekiotis, sekiotis
sekiojuosi, sekiotis
sekiojiesi, sekiotis
sekiojasi, sekiotis
sekiojamės, sekiotis
sekiojatės, sekiotis
sekioks, sekiotis
sekiokitės, sekiotis
sekiokimės, sekiotis
sekiojausi, sekiotis
sekiojaisi, sekiotis
sekiojosi, sekiotis
sekiojomės, sekiotis
sekiojotės, sekiotis
sekiodavausi, sekiotis
sekiodavaisi, sekiotis
sekiodavosi, sekiotis
sekiodavomės, sekiotis
sekiodavotės, sekiotis
sekiosiusi, sekiotis
sekiosisi, sekiotis
sekiosis, sekiotis
sekiosimės, sekiotis
sekiositės, sekiotis
sekiočiausi, sekiotis
sekiotumeisi, sekiotis
sekiotųsi, sekiotis
sekiotu(mė)mės, sekiotis
sekiotu(mė)tės, sekiotis
sektis, sektis
senkuosi, sektis
senkiesi, sektis
senkasi, sektis
senkamės, sektis
senkatės, sektis
seks, sektis
sekitės, sektis
sekimės, sektis
sekausi, sektis
sekaisi, sektis
sekosi, sektis
sekomės, sektis
sekotės, sektis
sekdavausi, sektis
sekdavaisi, sektis
sekdavosi, sektis
sekdavomės, sektis
sekdavotės, sektis
seksiusi, sektis
seksisi, sektis
seksis, sektis
seksimės, sektis
seksitės, sektis
sekčiausi, sektis
sektumeisi, sektis
sektųsi, sektis
sektu(mė)mės, sektis
sektu(mė)tės, sektis
sektis, sektis
senkuosi, sektis
senkiesi, sektis
senkasi, sektis
senkamės, sektis
senkatės, sektis
seks, sektis
sekitės, sektis
sekimės, sektis
sekausi, sektis
sekaisi, sektis
sekosi, sektis
sekomės, sektis
sekotės, sektis
sekdavausi, sektis
sekdavaisi, sektis
sekdavosi, sektis
sekdavomės, sektis
sekdavotės, sektis
seksiusi, sektis
seksisi, sektis
seksis, sektis
seksimės, sektis
seksitės, sektis
sekčiausi, sektis
sektumeisi, sektis
sektųsi, sektis
sektu(mė)mės, sektis
sektu(mė)tės, sektis
šėliotis, šėliotis
šėliojuosi, šėliotis
šėliojiesi, šėliotis
šėliojasi, šėliotis
šėliojamės, šėliotis
šėliojatės, šėliotis
šėlioks, šėliotis
šėliokitės, šėliotis
šėliokimės, šėliotis
šėliojausi, šėliotis
šėliojaisi, šėliotis
šėliojosi, šėliotis
šėliojomės, šėliotis
šėliojotės, šėliotis
šėliodavausi, šėliotis
šėliodavaisi, šėliotis
šėliodavosi, šėliotis
šėliodavomės, šėliotis
šėliodavotės, šėliotis
šėliosiusi, šėliotis
šėliosisi, šėliotis
šėliosis, šėliotis
šėliosimės, šėliotis
šėliositės, šėliotis
šėliočiausi, šėliotis
šėliotumeisi, šėliotis
šėliotųsi, šėliotis
šėliotu(mė)mės, šėliotis
šėliotu(mė)tės, šėliotis
šėltis, šėltis
šėlstuosi, šėltis
šėlstiesi, šėltis
šėlstasi, šėltis
šėlstamės, šėltis
šėlstatės, šėltis
šėlks, šėltis
šėlkitės, šėltis
šėlkimės, šėltis
šėlausi, šėltis
šėlaisi, šėltis
šėlosi, šėltis
šėlomės, šėltis
šėlotės, šėltis
šėldavausi, šėltis
šėldavaisi, šėltis
šėldavosi, šėltis
šėldavomės, šėltis
šėldavotės, šėltis
šėlsiusi, šėltis
šėlsisi, šėltis
šėlsis, šėltis
šėlsimės, šėltis
šėlsitės, šėltis
šėlčiausi, šėltis
šėltumeisi, šėltis
šėltųsi, šėltis
šėltu(mė)mės, šėltis
šėltu(mė)tės, šėltis
semtis, semtis
semiuosi, semtis
semiesi, semtis
semiasi, semtis
semiamės, semtis
semiatės, semtis
semks, semtis
semkitės, semtis
semkimės, semtis
sėmiausi, semtis
sėmeisi, semtis
sėmėsi, semtis
sėmėmės, semtis
sėmėtės, semtis
semdavausi, semtis
semdavaisi, semtis
semdavosi, semtis
semdavomės, semtis
semdavotės, semtis
semsiusi, semtis
semsisi, semtis
semsis, semtis
semsimės, semtis
semsitės, semtis
semčiausi, semtis
semtumeisi, semtis
semtųsi, semtis
semtu(mė)mės, semtis
semtu(mė)tės, semtis
sentis, sentis
senstuosi, sentis
senstiesi, sentis
senstasi, sentis
senstamės, sentis
senstatės, sentis
senks, sentis
senkitės, sentis
senkimės, sentis
senausi, sentis
senaisi, sentis
senosi, sentis
senomės, sentis
senotės, sentis
sendavausi, sentis
sendavaisi, sentis
sendavosi, sentis
sendavomės, sentis
sendavotės, sentis
sensiusi, sentis
sensisi, sentis
sensis, sentis
sensimės, sentis
sensitės, sentis
senčiausi, sentis
sentumeisi, sentis
sentųsi, sentis
sentu(mė)mės, sentis
sentu(mė)tės, sentis
sergėtis, sergėtis
sergėjuosi, sergėtis
sergėjiesi, sergėtis
sergėjasi, sergėtis
sergėjamės, sergėtis
sergėjatės, sergėtis
sergėks, sergėtis
sergėkitės, sergėtis
sergėkimės, sergėtis
sergėjausi, sergėtis
sergėjaisi, sergėtis
sergėjosi, sergėtis
sergėjomės, sergėtis
sergėjotės, sergėtis
sergėdavausi, sergėtis
sergėdavaisi, sergėtis
sergėdavosi, sergėtis
sergėdavomės, sergėtis
sergėdavotės, sergėtis
sergėsiusi, sergėtis
sergėsisi, sergėtis
sergėsis, sergėtis
sergėsimės, sergėtis
sergėsitės, sergėtis
sergėčiausi, sergėtis
sergėtumeisi, sergėtis
sergėtųsi, sergėtis
sergėtu(mė)mės, sergėtis
sergėtu(mė)tės, sergėtis
šerkšnytis, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijuosi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijiesi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijasi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijamės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijatės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnyks, šerkšnytis
šerkšnykitės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnykimės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijausi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijaisi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijosi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijomės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnijotės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnydavausi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnydavaisi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnydavosi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnydavomės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnydavotės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnysiusi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnysisi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnisis, šerkšnytis
šerkšnysimės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnysitės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnyčiausi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnytumeisi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnytųsi, šerkšnytis
šerkšnytu(mė)mės, šerkšnytis
šerkšnytu(mė)tės, šerkšnytis
šertis, šertis
šeriuosi, šertis
šeriesi, šertis
šeriasi, šertis
šeriamės, šertis
šeriatės, šertis
šerks, šertis
šerkitės, šertis
šerkimės, šertis
šėriausi, šertis
šėreisi, šertis
šėrėsi, šertis
šėrėmės, šertis
šėrėtės, šertis
šerdavausi, šertis
šerdavaisi, šertis
šerdavosi, šertis
šerdavomės, šertis
šerdavotės, šertis
šersiusi, šertis
šersisi, šertis
šersis, šertis
šersimės, šertis
šersitės, šertis
šerčiausi, šertis
šertumeisi, šertis
šertųsi, šertis
šertu(mė)mės, šertis
šertu(mė)tės, šertis
sėstis, sėstis
sėdžuosi, sėstis
sėdiesi, sėstis
sėdasi, sėstis
sėdamės, sėstis
sėdatės, sėstis
sėsks, sėstis
sėskitės, sėstis
sėskimės, sėstis
sėdausi, sėstis
sėdaisi, sėstis
sėdosi, sėstis
sėdomės, sėstis
sėdotės, sėstis
sėsdavausi, sėstis
sėsdavaisi, sėstis
sėsdavosi, sėstis
sėsdavomės, sėstis
sėsdavotės, sėstis
sėsiusi, sėstis
sėsisi, sėstis
sėsis, sėstis
sėsimės, sėstis
sėsitės, sėstis
sėsčiausi, sėstis
sėstumeisi, sėstis
sėstųsi, sėstis
sėstu(mė)mės, sėstis
sėstu(mė)tės, sėstis
sėtis, sėtis
sėjuosi, sėtis
sėjiesi, sėtis
sėjasi, sėtis
sėjamės, sėtis
sėjatės, sėtis
sėks, sėtis
sėkitės, sėtis
sėkimės, sėtis
sėjausi, sėtis
sėjaisi, sėtis
sėjosi, sėtis
sėjomės, sėtis
sėjotės, sėtis
sėdavausi, sėtis
sėdavaisi, sėtis
sėdavosi, sėtis
sėdavomės, sėtis
sėdavotės, sėtis
sėsiusi, sėtis
sėsisi, sėtis
sėsis, sėtis
sėsimės, sėtis
sėsitės, sėtis
sėčiausi, sėtis
sėtumeisi, sėtis
sėtųsi, sėtis
sėtu(mė)mės, sėtis
sėtu(mė)tės, sėtis
siaurėtis, siaurėtis
siaurėjuosi, siaurėtis
siaurėjiesi, siaurėtis
siaurėjasi, siaurėtis
siaurėjamės, siaurėtis
siaurėjatės, siaurėtis
siaurėks, siaurėtis
siaurėkitės, siaurėtis
siaurėkimės, siaurėtis
siaurėjausi, siaurėtis
siaurėjaisi, siaurėtis
siaurėjosi, siaurėtis
siaurėjomės, siaurėtis
siaurėjotės, siaurėtis
siaurėdavausi, siaurėtis
siaurėdavaisi, siaurėtis
siaurėdavosi, siaurėtis
siaurėdavomės, siaurėtis
siaurėdavotės, siaurėtis
siaurėsiusi, siaurėtis
siaurėsisi, siaurėtis
siaurėsis, siaurėtis
siaurėsimės, siaurėtis
siaurėsitės, siaurėtis
siaurėčiausi, siaurėtis
siaurėtumeisi, siaurėtis
siaurėtųsi, siaurėtis
siaurėtu(mė)mės, siaurėtis
siaurėtu(mė)tės, siaurėtis
šiauštis, šiauštis
šiaušiuosi, šiauštis
šiaušiesi, šiauštis
šiaušiasi, šiauštis
šiaušiamės, šiauštis
šiaušiatės, šiauštis
šiaušks, šiauštis
šiauškitės, šiauštis
šiauškimės, šiauštis
šiaušiausi, šiauštis
šiaušeisi, šiauštis
šiaušėsi, šiauštis
šiaušėmės, šiauštis
šiaušėtės, šiauštis
šiaušdavausi, šiauštis
šiaušdavaisi, šiauštis
šiaušdavosi, šiauštis
šiaušdavomės, šiauštis
šiaušdavotės, šiauštis
šiauššiusi, šiauštis
šiauššisi, šiauštis
šiauššis, šiauštis
šiauššimės, šiauštis
šiauššitės, šiauštis
šiauščiausi, šiauštis
šiauštumeisi, šiauštis
šiauštųsi, šiauštis
šiauštu(mė)mės, šiauštis
šiauštu(mė)tės, šiauštis
siaustis, siaustis
siaučiuosi, siaustis
siaučiesi, siaustis
siaučiasi, siaustis
siaučiamės, siaustis
siaučiatės, siaustis
siausks, siaustis
siauskitės, siaustis
siauskimės, siaustis
siauteisi, siaustis
siautėsi, siaustis
siautėmės, siaustis
siautėtės, siaustis
siausdavausi, siaustis
siausdavaisi, siaustis
siausdavosi, siaustis
siausdavomės, siaustis
siausdavotės, siaustis
siausiusi, siaustis
siausisi, siaustis
siausis, siaustis
siausimės, siaustis
siausitės, siaustis
siausčiausi, siaustis
siaustumeisi, siaustis
siaustųsi, siaustis
siaustu(mė)mės, siaustis
siaustu(mė)tės, siaustis
siautėtis, siautėtis
siautėjuosi, siautėtis
siautėjiesi, siautėtis
siautėjasi, siautėtis
siautėjamės, siautėtis
siautėjatės, siautėtis
siautėks, siautėtis
siautėkitės, siautėtis
siautėkimės, siautėtis
siautėjausi, siautėtis
siautėjaisi, siautėtis
siautėjosi, siautėtis
siautėjomės, siautėtis
siautėjotės, siautėtis
siautėdavausi, siautėtis
siautėdavaisi, siautėtis
siautėdavosi, siautėtis
siautėdavomės, siautėtis
siautėdavotės, siautėtis
siautėsiusi, siautėtis
siautėsisi, siautėtis
siautėsis, siautėtis
siautėsimės, siautėtis
siautėsitės, siautėtis
siautėčiausi, siautėtis
siautėtumeisi, siautėtis
siautėtųsi, siautėtis
siautėtu(mė)mės, siautėtis
siautėtu(mė)tės, siautėtis
sidabruotis, sidabruotis
sidabruojuosi, sidabruotis
sidabruojiesi, sidabruotis
sidabruojasi, sidabruotis
sidabruojamės, sidabruotis
sidabruojatės, sidabruotis
sidabruoks, sidabruotis
sidabruokitės, sidabruotis
sidabruokimės, sidabruotis
sidabravausi, sidabruotis
sidabravaisi, sidabruotis
sidabravosi, sidabruotis
sidabravomės, sidabruotis
sidabravotės, sidabruotis
sidabruodavausi, sidabruotis
sidabruodavaisi, sidabruotis
sidabruodavosi, sidabruotis
sidabruodavomės, sidabruotis
sidabruodavotės, sidabruotis
sidabruosiusi, sidabruotis
sidabruosisi, sidabruotis
sidabruosis, sidabruotis
sidabruosimės, sidabruotis
sidabruositės, sidabruotis
sidabruočiausi, sidabruotis
sidabruotumeisi, sidabruotis
sidabruotųsi, sidabruotis
sidabruotu(mė)mės, sidabruotis
sidabruotu(mė)tės, sidabruotis
siektis, siektis
siekiuosi, siektis
siekiesi, siektis
siekiasi, siektis
siekiamės, siektis
siekiatės, siektis
sieks, siektis
siekitės, siektis
siekimės, siektis
siekiausi, siektis
siekeisi, siektis
siekėsi, siektis
siekėmės, siektis
siekėtės, siektis
siekdavausi, siektis
siekdavaisi, siektis
siekdavosi, siektis
siekdavomės, siektis
siekdavotės, siektis
sieksiusi, siektis
sieksisi, siektis
sieksis, siektis
sieksimės, siektis
sieksitės, siektis
siekčiausi, siektis
siektumeisi, siektis
siektųsi, siektis
siektu(mė)mės, siektis
siektu(mė)tės, siektis
sielvartautis, sielvartautis
sielvartaujuosi, sielvartautis
sielvartaujiesi, sielvartautis
sielvartaujasi, sielvartautis
sielvartaujamės, sielvartautis
sielvartaujatės, sielvartautis
sielvartauks, sielvartautis
sielvartaukitės, sielvartautis
sielvartaukimės, sielvartautis
sielvartavausi, sielvartautis
sielvartavaisi, sielvartautis
sielvartavosi, sielvartautis
sielvartavomės, sielvartautis
sielvartavotės, sielvartautis
sielvartaudavausi, sielvartautis
sielvartaudavaisi, sielvartautis
sielvartaudavosi, sielvartautis
sielvartaudavomės, sielvartautis
sielvartaudavotės, sielvartautis
sielvartausiusi, sielvartautis
sielvartausisi, sielvartautis
sielvartausis, sielvartautis
sielvartausimės, sielvartautis
sielvartausitės, sielvartautis
sielvartaučiausi, sielvartautis
sielvartautumeisi, sielvartautis
sielvartautųsi, sielvartautis
sielvartautu(mė)mės, sielvartautis
sielvartautu(mė)tės, sielvartautis
sietis, sietis
siejuosi, sietis
siejiesi, sietis
siejasi, sietis
siejamės, sietis
siejatės, sietis
sieks, sietis
siekitės, sietis
siekimės, sietis
siejausi, sietis
siejaisi, sietis
siejosi, sietis
siejomės, sietis
siejotės, sietis
siedavausi, sietis
siedavaisi, sietis
siedavosi, sietis
siedavomės, sietis
siedavotės, sietis
siesiusi, sietis
siesisi, sietis
siesis, sietis
siesimės, sietis
siesitės, sietis
siečiausi, sietis
sietumeisi, sietis
sietųsi, sietis
sietu(mė)mės, sietis
sietu(mė)tės, sietis
sijotis, sijotis
sijojuosi, sijotis
sijojiesi, sijotis
sijojasi, sijotis
sijojamės, sijotis
sijojatės, sijotis
sijoks, sijotis
sijokitės, sijotis
sijokimės, sijotis
sijojausi, sijotis
sijojaisi, sijotis
sijojosi, sijotis
sijojomės, sijotis
sijojotės, sijotis
sijodavausi, sijotis
sijodavaisi, sijotis
sijodavosi, sijotis
sijodavomės, sijotis
sijodavotės, sijotis
sijosiusi, sijotis
sijosisi, sijotis
sijosis, sijotis
sijosimės, sijotis
sijositės, sijotis
sijočiausi, sijotis
sijotumeisi, sijotis
sijotųsi, sijotis
sijotu(mė)mės, sijotis
sijotu(mė)tės, sijotis
šiktis, šiktis
šikuosi, šiktis
šikiesi, šiktis
šikasi, šiktis
šikamės, šiktis
šikatės, šiktis
šiks, šiktis
šikitės, šiktis
šikimės, šiktis
šikausi, šiktis
šikaisi, šiktis
šikosi, šiktis
šikomės, šiktis
šikotės, šiktis
šikdavausi, šiktis
šikdavaisi, šiktis
šikdavosi, šiktis
šikdavomės, šiktis
šikdavotės, šiktis
šiksiusi, šiktis
šiksisi, šiktis
šiksis, šiktis
šiksimės, šiktis
šiksitės, šiktis
šikčiausi, šiktis
šiktumeisi, šiktis
šiktųsi, šiktis
šiktu(mė)mės, šiktis
šiktu(mė)tės, šiktis
šildytis, šildytis
šildžausi, šildytis
šildaisi, šildytis
šildosi, šildytis
šildomės, šildytis
šildotės, šildytis
šildyks, šildytis
šildykitės, šildytis
šildykimės, šildytis
šildeisi, šildytis
šildėsi, šildytis
šildėmės, šildytis
šildėtės, šildytis
šildydavausi, šildytis
šildydavaisi, šildytis
šildydavosi, šildytis
šildydavomės, šildytis
šildydavotės, šildytis
šildysiusi, šildytis
šildysisi, šildytis
šildysis, šildytis
šildysimės, šildytis
šildysitės, šildytis
šildyčiausi, šildytis
šildytumeisi, šildytis
šildytųsi, šildytis
šildytu(mė)mės, šildytis
šildytu(mė)tės, šildytis
silpnėtis, silpnėtis
silpnėjuosi, silpnėtis
silpnėjiesi, silpnėtis
silpnėjasi, silpnėtis
silpnėjamės, silpnėtis
silpnėjatės, silpnėtis
silpnėks, silpnėtis
silpnėkitės, silpnėtis
silpnėkimės, silpnėtis
silpnėjausi, silpnėtis
silpnėjaisi, silpnėtis
silpnėjosi, silpnėtis
silpnėjomės, silpnėtis
silpnėjotės, silpnėtis
silpnėdavausi, silpnėtis
silpnėdavaisi, silpnėtis
silpnėdavosi, silpnėtis
silpnėdavomės, silpnėtis
silpnėdavotės, silpnėtis
silpnėsiusi, silpnėtis
silpnėsisi, silpnėtis
silpnėsis, silpnėtis
silpnėsimės, silpnėtis
silpnėsitės, silpnėtis
silpnėčiausi, silpnėtis
silpnėtumeisi, silpnėtis
silpnėtųsi, silpnėtis
silpnėtu(mė)mės, silpnėtis
silpnėtu(mė)tės, silpnėtis
silpnintis, silpnintis
silpninuosi, silpnintis
silpniniesi, silpnintis
silpninasi, silpnintis
silpninamės, silpnintis
silpninatės, silpnintis
silpninks, silpnintis
silpninkitės, silpnintis
silpninkimės, silpnintis
silpninausi, silpnintis
silpninaisi, silpnintis
silpninosi, silpnintis
silpninomės, silpnintis
silpninotės, silpnintis
silpnindavausi, silpnintis
silpnindavaisi, silpnintis
silpnindavosi, silpnintis
silpnindavomės, silpnintis
silpnindavotės, silpnintis
silpninsiusi, silpnintis
silpninsisi, silpnintis
silpninsis, silpnintis
silpninsimės, silpnintis
silpninsitės, silpnintis
silpninčiausi, silpnintis
silpnintumeisi, silpnintis
silpnintųsi, silpnintis
silpnintu(mė)mės, silpnintis
silpnintu(mė)tės, silpnintis
šiltis, šiltis
šyluosi, šiltis
šyliesi, šiltis
šylasi, šiltis
šylamės, šiltis
šylatės, šiltis
šilks, šiltis
šilkitės, šiltis
šilkimės, šiltis
šilausi, šiltis
šilaisi, šiltis
šilosi, šiltis
šilomės, šiltis
šilotės, šiltis
šildavausi, šiltis
šildavaisi, šiltis
šildavosi, šiltis
šildavomės, šiltis
šildavotės, šiltis
šilsiusi, šiltis
šilsisi, šiltis
šilsis, šiltis
šilsimės, šiltis
šilsitės, šiltis
šilčiausi, šiltis
šiltumeisi, šiltis
šiltųsi, šiltis
šiltu(mė)mės, šiltis
šiltu(mė)tės, šiltis
sirgtis, sirgtis
serguosi, sirgtis
sergiesi, sirgtis
sergasi, sirgtis
sergamės, sirgtis
sergatės, sirgtis
sirks, sirgtis
sirkitės, sirgtis
sirkimės, sirgtis
sirgausi, sirgtis
sirgaisi, sirgtis
sirgosi, sirgtis
sirgomės, sirgtis
sirgotės, sirgtis
sirgdavausi, sirgtis
sirgdavaisi, sirgtis
sirgdavosi, sirgtis
sirgdavomės, sirgtis
sirgdavotės, sirgtis
sirgsiusi, sirgtis
sirgsisi, sirgtis
sirgsis, sirgtis
sirgsimės, sirgtis
sirgsitės, sirgtis
sirgčiausi, sirgtis
sirgtumeisi, sirgtis
sirgtųsi, sirgtis
sirgtu(mė)mės, sirgtis
sirgtu(mė)tės, sirgtis
širstis, širstis
širstuosi, širstis
širstiesi, širstis
širstasi, širstis
širstamės, širstis
širstatės, širstis
širsks, širstis
širskitės, širstis
širskimės, širstis
širdausi, širstis
širdaisi, širstis
širdosi, širstis
širdomės, širstis
širdotės, širstis
širsdavausi, širstis
širsdavaisi, širstis
širsdavosi, širstis
širsdavomės, širstis
širsdavotės, širstis
širsiusi, širstis
širsisi, širstis
širsis, širstis
širsimės, širstis
širsitės, širstis
širsčiausi, širstis
širstumeisi, širstis
širstųsi, širstis
širstu(mė)mės, širstis
širstu(mė)tės, širstis
siūbtelėtis, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjuosi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjiesi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjasi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjamės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjatės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėks, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėkitės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėkimės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjausi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjaisi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjosi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjomės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėjotės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėdavausi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėdavaisi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėdavosi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėdavomės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėdavotės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėsiusi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėsisi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėsis, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėsimės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėsitės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėčiausi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėtumeisi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėtųsi, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėtu(mė)mės, siūbtelėtis
siūbtelėtu(mė)tės, siūbtelėtis
siūbteltis, siūbteltis
siūbteliusi, siūbteltis
siūbtelisi, siūbteltis
siūbtelisi, siūbteltis
siūbtelimės, siūbteltis
siūbtelitės, siūbteltis
siūbtelks, siūbteltis
siūbtelkitės, siūbteltis
siūbtelkimės, siūbteltis
siūbtelėjausi, siūbteltis
siūbtelėjaisi, siūbteltis
siūbtelėjosi, siūbteltis
siūbtelėjomės, siūbteltis
siūbtelėjotės, siūbteltis
siūbteldavausi, siūbteltis
siūbteldavaisi, siūbteltis
siūbteldavosi, siūbteltis
siūbteldavomės, siūbteltis
siūbteldavotės, siūbteltis
siūbtelsiusi, siūbteltis
siūbtelsisi, siūbteltis
siūbtelsis, siūbteltis
siūbtelsimės, siūbteltis
siūbtelsitės, siūbteltis
siūbtelčiausi, siūbteltis
siūbteltumeisi, siūbteltis
siūbteltųsi, siūbteltis
siūbteltu(mė)mės, siūbteltis
siūbteltu(mė)tės, siūbteltis
siūlytis, siūlytis
siūlausi, siūlytis
siūlaisi, siūlytis
siūlosi, siūlytis
siūlomės, siūlytis
siūlotės, siūlytis
siūlyks, siūlytis
siūlykitės, siūlytis
siūlykimės, siūlytis
siūliausi, siūlytis
siūleisi, siūlytis
siūlėsi, siūlytis
siūlėmės, siūlytis
siūlėtės, siūlytis
siūlydavausi, siūlytis
siūlydavaisi, siūlytis
siūlydavosi, siūlytis
siūlydavomės, siūlytis
siūlydavotės, siūlytis
siūlysiusi, siūlytis
siūlysisi, siūlytis
siūlysis, siūlytis
siūlysimės, siūlytis
siūlysitės, siūlytis
siūlyčiausi, siūlytis
siūlytumeisi, siūlytis
siūlytųsi, siūlytis
siūlytu(mė)mės, siūlytis
siūlytu(mė)tės, siūlytis
siurbtis, siurbtis
siurbiuosi, siurbtis
siurbiesi, siurbtis
siurbiasi, siurbtis
siurbiamės, siurbtis
siurbiatės, siurbtis
siurbks, siurbtis
siurbkitės, siurbtis
siurbkimės, siurbtis
siurbiausi, siurbtis
siurbeisi, siurbtis
siurbėsi, siurbtis
siurbėmės, siurbtis
siurbėtės, siurbtis
siurbdavausi, siurbtis
siurbdavaisi, siurbtis
siurbdavosi, siurbtis
siurbdavomės, siurbtis
siurbdavotės, siurbtis
siurbsiusi, siurbtis
siurbsisi, siurbtis
siurbsis, siurbtis
siurbsimės, siurbtis
siurbsitės, siurbtis
siurbčiausi, siurbtis
siurbtumeisi, siurbtis
siurbtųsi, siurbtis
siurbtu(mė)mės, siurbtis
siurbtu(mė)tės, siurbtis
šiurkštis, šiurkštis
šiurkščiuosi, šiurkštis
šiurkščiesi, šiurkštis
šiurkščiasi, šiurkštis
šiurkščiamės, šiurkštis
šiurkščiatės, šiurkštis
šiurkšks, šiurkštis
šiurkškitės, šiurkštis
šiurkškimės, šiurkštis
šiurkšteisi, šiurkštis
šiurkštėsi, šiurkštis
šiurkštėmės, šiurkštis
šiurkštėtės, šiurkštis
šiurkšdavausi, šiurkštis
šiurkšdavaisi, šiurkštis
šiurkšdavosi, šiurkštis
šiurkšdavomės, šiurkštis
šiurkšdavotės, šiurkštis
šiurkššiusi, šiurkštis
šiurkššisi, šiurkštis
šiurkššis, šiurkštis
šiurkššimės, šiurkštis
šiurkššitės, šiurkštis
šiurkščiausi, šiurkštis
šiurkštumeisi, šiurkštis
šiurkštųsi, šiurkštis
šiurkštu(mė)mės, šiurkštis
šiurkštu(mė)tės, šiurkštis
siųstis, siųstis
siunčiuosi, siųstis
siunčiesi, siųstis
siunčiasi, siųstis
siunčiamės, siųstis
siunčiatės, siųstis
siųsks, siųstis
siųskitės, siųstis
siųskimės, siųstis
siunteisi, siųstis
siuntėsi, siųstis
siuntėmės, siųstis
siuntėtės, siųstis
siųsdavausi, siųstis
siųsdavaisi, siųstis
siųsdavosi, siųstis
siųsdavomės, siųstis
siųsdavotės, siųstis
siųsiusi, siųstis
siųsisi, siųstis
siųsis, siųstis
siųsimės, siųstis
siųsitės, siųstis
siųsčiausi, siųstis
siųstumeisi, siųstis
siųstųsi, siųstis
siųstu(mė)mės, siųstis
siųstu(mė)tės, siųstis
siustis, siustis
siuntuosi, siustis
siuntiesi, siustis
siuntasi, siustis
siuntamės, siustis
siuntatės, siustis
siusks, siustis
siuskitės, siustis
siuskimės, siustis
siutausi, siustis
siutaisi, siustis
siutosi, siustis
siutomės, siustis
siutotės, siustis
siusdavausi, siustis
siusdavaisi, siustis
siusdavosi, siustis
siusdavomės, siustis
siusdavotės, siustis
siusiusi, siustis
siusisi, siustis
siusis, siustis
siusimės, siustis
siusitės, siustis
siusčiausi, siustis
siustumeisi, siustis
siustųsi, siustis
siustu(mė)mės, siustis
siustu(mė)tės, siustis
siūtis, siūtis
siuvuosi, siūtis
siuviesi, siūtis
siuvasi, siūtis
siuvamės, siūtis
siuvatės, siūtis
siūks, siūtis
siūkitės, siūtis
siūkimės, siūtis
siuvausi, siūtis
siuvaisi, siūtis
siuvosi, siūtis
siuvomės, siūtis
siuvotės, siūtis
siūdavausi, siūtis
siūdavaisi, siūtis
siūdavosi, siūtis
siūdavomės, siūtis
siūdavotės, siūtis
siūsiusi, siūtis
siūsisi, siūtis
siusis, siūtis
siūsimės, siūtis
siūsitės, siūtis
siūčiausi, siūtis
siūtumeisi, siūtis
siūtųsi, siūtis
siūtu(mė)mės, siūtis
siūtu(mė)tės, siūtis
siuvinėtis, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjuosi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjiesi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjasi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjamės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjatės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėks, siuvinėtis
siuvinėkitės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėkimės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjausi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjaisi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjosi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjomės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėjotės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėdavausi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėdavaisi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėdavosi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėdavomės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėdavotės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėsiusi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėsisi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėsis, siuvinėtis
siuvinėsimės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėsitės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėčiausi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėtumeisi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėtųsi, siuvinėtis
siuvinėtu(mė)mės, siuvinėtis
siuvinėtu(mė)tės, siuvinėtis
skabytis, skabytis
skabausi, skabytis
skabaisi, skabytis
skabosi, skabytis
skabomės, skabytis
skabotės, skabytis
skabyks, skabytis
skabykitės, skabytis
skabykimės, skabytis
skabiausi, skabytis
skabeisi, skabytis
skabėsi, skabytis
skabėmės, skabytis
skabėtės, skabytis
skabydavausi, skabytis
skabydavaisi, skabytis
skabydavosi, skabytis
skabydavomės, skabytis
skabydavotės, skabytis
skabysiusi, skabytis
skabysisi, skabytis
skabysis, skabytis
skabysimės, skabytis
skabysitės, skabytis
skabyčiausi, skabytis
skabytumeisi, skabytis
skabytųsi, skabytis
skabytu(mė)mės, skabytis
skabytu(mė)tės, skabytis
skaičiuotis, skaičiuotis
skaičiuojuosi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuojiesi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuojasi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuojamės, skaičiuotis
skaičiuojatės, skaičiuotis
skaičiuoks, skaičiuotis
skaičiuokitės, skaičiuotis
skaičiuokimės, skaičiuotis
skaičiavausi, skaičiuotis
skaičiavaisi, skaičiuotis
skaičiavosi, skaičiuotis
skaičiavomės, skaičiuotis
skaičiavotės, skaičiuotis
skaičiuodavausi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuodavaisi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuodavosi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuodavomės, skaičiuotis
skaičiuodavotės, skaičiuotis
skaičiuosiusi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuosisi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuosis, skaičiuotis
skaičiuosimės, skaičiuotis
skaičiuositės, skaičiuotis
skaičiuočiausi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuotumeisi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuotųsi, skaičiuotis
skaičiuotu(mė)mės, skaičiuotis
skaičiuotu(mė)tės, skaičiuotis
skaidytis, skaidytis
skaidžausi, skaidytis
skaidaisi, skaidytis
skaidosi, skaidytis
skaidomės, skaidytis
skaidotės, skaidytis
skaidyks, skaidytis
skaidykitės, skaidytis
skaidykimės, skaidytis
skaideisi, skaidytis
skaidėsi, skaidytis
skaidėmės, skaidytis
skaidėtės, skaidytis
skaidydavausi, skaidytis
skaidydavaisi, skaidytis
skaidydavosi, skaidytis
skaidydavomės, skaidytis
skaidydavotės, skaidytis
skaidysiusi, skaidytis
skaidysisi, skaidytis
skaidysis, skaidytis
skaidysimės, skaidytis
skaidysitės, skaidytis
skaidyčiausi, skaidytis
skaidytumeisi, skaidytis
skaidytųsi, skaidytis
skaidytu(mė)mės, skaidytis
skaidytu(mė)tės, skaidytis
skaitytis, skaitytis
skaitausi, skaitytis
skaitaisi, skaitytis
skaitosi, skaitytis
skaitomės, skaitytis
skaitotės, skaitytis
skaityks, skaitytis
skaitykitės, skaitytis
skaitykimės, skaitytis
skaiteisi, skaitytis
skaitėsi, skaitytis
skaitėmės, skaitytis
skaitėtės, skaitytis
skaitydavausi, skaitytis
skaitydavaisi, skaitytis
skaitydavosi, skaitytis
skaitydavomės, skaitytis
skaitydavotės, skaitytis
skaitysiusi, skaitytis
skaitysisi, skaitytis
skaitysis, skaitytis
skaitysimės, skaitytis
skaitysitės, skaitytis
skaityčiausi, skaitytis
skaitytumeisi, skaitytis
skaitytųsi, skaitytis
skaitytu(mė)mės, skaitytis
skaitytu(mė)tės, skaitytis
skalautis, skalautis
skalaujuosi, skalautis
skalaujiesi, skalautis
skalaujasi, skalautis
skalaujamės, skalautis
skalaujatės, skalautis
skalauks, skalautis
skalaukitės, skalautis
skalaukimės, skalautis
skalavausi, skalautis
skalavaisi, skalautis
skalavosi, skalautis
skalavomės, skalautis
skalavotės, skalautis
skalaudavausi, skalautis
skalaudavaisi, skalautis
skalaudavosi, skalautis
skalaudavomės, skalautis
skalaudavotės, skalautis
skalausiusi, skalautis
skalausisi, skalautis
skalausis, skalautis
skalausimės, skalautis
skalausitės, skalautis
skalaučiausi, skalautis
skalautumeisi, skalautis
skalautųsi, skalautis
skalautu(mė)mės, skalautis
skalautu(mė)tės, skalautis
skalbtis, skalbtis
skalbiuosi, skalbtis
skalbiesi, skalbtis
skalbiasi, skalbtis
skalbiamės, skalbtis
skalbiatės, skalbtis
skalbks, skalbtis
skalbkitės, skalbtis
skalbkimės, skalbtis
skalbiausi, skalbtis
skalbeisi, skalbtis
skalbėsi, skalbtis
skalbėmės, skalbtis
skalbėtės, skalbtis
skalbdavausi, skalbtis
skalbdavaisi, skalbtis
skalbdavosi, skalbtis
skalbdavomės, skalbtis
skalbdavotės, skalbtis
skalbsiusi, skalbtis
skalbsisi, skalbtis
skalbsis, skalbtis
skalbsimės, skalbtis
skalbsitės, skalbtis
skalbčiausi, skalbtis
skalbtumeisi, skalbtis
skalbtųsi, skalbtis
skalbtu(mė)mės, skalbtis
skalbtu(mė)tės, skalbtis
skaldytis, skaldytis
skaldžausi, skaldytis
skaldaisi, skaldytis
skaldosi, skaldytis
skaldomės, skaldytis
skaldotės, skaldytis
skaldyks, skaldytis
skaldykitės, skaldytis
skaldykimės, skaldytis
skaldeisi, skaldytis
skaldėsi, skaldytis
skaldėmės, skaldytis
skaldėtės, skaldytis
skaldydavausi, skaldytis
skaldydavaisi, skaldytis
skaldydavosi, skaldytis
skaldydavomės, skaldytis
skaldydavotės, skaldytis
skaldysiusi, skaldytis
skaldysisi, skaldytis
skaldysis, skaldytis
skaldysimės, skaldytis
skaldysitės, skaldytis
skaldyčiausi, skaldytis
skaldytumeisi, skaldytis
skaldytųsi, skaldytis
skaldytu(mė)mės, skaldytis
skaldytu(mė)tės, skaldytis
skambėtis, skambėtis
skambuosi, skambėtis
skambiesi, skambėtis
skambasi, skambėtis
skambamės, skambėtis
skambatės, skambėtis
skambėks, skambėtis
skambėkitės, skambėtis
skambėkimės, skambėtis
skambėjausi, skambėtis
skambėjaisi, skambėtis
skambėjosi, skambėtis
skambėjomės, skambėtis
skambėjotės, skambėtis
skambėdavausi, skambėtis
skambėdavaisi, skambėtis
skambėdavosi, skambėtis
skambėdavomės, skambėtis
skambėdavotės, skambėtis
skambėsiusi, skambėtis
skambėsisi, skambėtis
skambėsis, skambėtis
skambėsimės, skambėtis
skambėsitės, skambėtis
skambėčiausi, skambėtis
skambėtumeisi, skambėtis
skambėtųsi, skambėtis
skambėtu(mė)mės, skambėtis
skambėtu(mė)tės, skambėtis
skambintis, skambintis
skambinuosi, skambintis
skambiniesi, skambintis
skambinasi, skambintis
skambinamės, skambintis
skambinatės, skambintis
skambinks, skambintis
skambinkitės, skambintis
skambinkimės, skambintis
skambinausi, skambintis
skambinaisi, skambintis
skambinosi, skambintis
skambinomės, skambintis
skambinotės, skambintis
skambindavausi, skambintis
skambindavaisi, skambintis
skambindavosi, skambintis
skambindavomės, skambintis
skambindavotės, skambintis
skambinsiusi, skambintis
skambinsisi, skambintis
skambinsis, skambintis
skambinsimės, skambintis
skambinsitės, skambintis
skambinčiausi, skambintis
skambintumeisi, skambintis
skambintųsi, skambintis
skambintu(mė)mės, skambintis
skambintu(mė)tės, skambintis
skanautis, skanautis
skanaujuosi, skanautis
skanaujiesi, skanautis
skanaujasi, skanautis
skanaujamės, skanautis
skanaujatės, skanautis
skanauks, skanautis
skanaukitės, skanautis
skanaukimės, skanautis
skanavausi, skanautis
skanavaisi, skanautis
skanavosi, skanautis
skanavomės, skanautis
skanavotės, skanautis
skanaudavausi, skanautis
skanaudavaisi, skanautis
skanaudavosi, skanautis
skanaudavomės, skanautis
skanaudavotės, skanautis
skanausiusi, skanautis
skanausisi, skanautis
skanausis, skanautis
skanausimės, skanautis
skanausitės, skanautis
skanaučiausi, skanautis
skanautumeisi, skanautis
skanautųsi, skanautis
skanautu(mė)mės, skanautis
skanautu(mė)tės, skanautis
skandintis, skandintis
skandinuosi, skandintis
skandiniesi, skandintis
skandinasi, skandintis
skandinamės, skandintis
skandinatės, skandintis
skandinks, skandintis
skandinkitės, skandintis
skandinkimės, skandintis
skandinausi, skandintis
skandinaisi, skandintis
skandinosi, skandintis
skandinomės, skandintis
skandinotės, skandintis
skandindavausi, skandintis
skandindavaisi, skandintis
skandindavosi, skandintis
skandindavomės, skandintis
skandindavotės, skandintis
skandinsiusi, skandintis
skandinsisi, skandintis
skandinsis, skandintis
skandinsimės, skandintis
skandinsitės, skandintis
skandinčiausi, skandintis
skandintumeisi, skandintis
skandintųsi, skandintis
skandintu(mė)mės, skandintis
skandintu(mė)tės, skandintis
skanduotis, skanduotis
skanduojuosi, skanduotis
skanduojiesi, skanduotis
skanduojasi, skanduotis
skanduojamės, skanduotis
skanduojatės, skanduotis
skanduoks, skanduotis
skanduokitės, skanduotis
skanduokimės, skanduotis
skandavausi, skanduotis
skandavaisi, skanduotis
skandavosi, skanduotis
skandavomės, skanduotis
skandavotės, skanduotis
skanduodavausi, skanduotis
skanduodavaisi, skanduotis
skanduodavosi, skanduotis
skanduodavomės, skanduotis
skanduodavotės, skanduotis
skanduosiusi, skanduotis
skanduosisi, skanduotis
skanduosis, skanduotis
skanduosimės, skanduotis
skanduositės, skanduotis
skanduočiausi, skanduotis
skanduotumeisi, skanduotis
skanduotųsi, skanduotis
skanduotu(mė)mės, skanduotis
skanduotu(mė)tės, skanduotis
skanintis, skanintis
skaninuosi, skanintis
skaniniesi, skanintis
skaninasi, skanintis
skaninamės, skanintis
skaninatės, skanintis
skaninks, skanintis
skaninkitės, skanintis
skaninkimės, skanintis
skaninausi, skanintis
skaninaisi, skanintis
skaninosi, skanintis
skaninomės, skanintis
skaninotės, skanintis
skanindavausi, skanintis
skanindavaisi, skanintis
skanindavosi, skanintis
skanindavomės, skanintis
skanindavotės, skanintis
skaninsiusi, skanintis
skaninsisi, skanintis
skaninsis, skanintis
skaninsimės, skanintis
skaninsitės, skanintis
skaninčiausi, skanintis
skanintumeisi, skanintis
skanintųsi, skanintis
skanintu(mė)mės, skanintis
skanintu(mė)tės, skanintis
skatintis, skatintis
skatinuosi, skatintis
skatiniesi, skatintis
skatinasi, skatintis
skatinamės, skatintis
skatinatės, skatintis
skatinks, skatintis
skatinkitės, skatintis
skatinkimės, skatintis
skatinausi, skatintis
skatinaisi, skatintis
skatinosi, skatintis
skatinomės, skatintis
skatinotės, skatintis
skatindavausi, skatintis
skatindavaisi, skatintis
skatindavosi, skatintis
skatindavomės, skatintis
skatindavotės, skatintis
skatinsiusi, skatintis
skatinsisi, skatintis
skatinsis, skatintis
skatinsimės, skatintis
skatinsitės, skatintis
skatinčiausi, skatintis
skatintumeisi, skatintis
skatintųsi, skatintis
skatintu(mė)mės, skatintis
skatintu(mė)tės, skatintis
skaudėtis, skaudėtis
skaudžuosi, skaudėtis
skaudiesi, skaudėtis
skaudasi, skaudėtis
skaudamės, skaudėtis
skaudatės, skaudėtis
skaudėks, skaudėtis
skaudėkitės, skaudėtis
skaudėkimės, skaudėtis
skaudėjausi, skaudėtis
skaudėjaisi, skaudėtis
skaudėjosi, skaudėtis
skaudėjomės, skaudėtis
skaudėjotės, skaudėtis
skaudėdavausi, skaudėtis
skaudėdavaisi, skaudėtis
skaudėdavosi, skaudėtis
skaudėdavomės, skaudėtis
skaudėdavotės, skaudėtis
skaudėsiusi, skaudėtis
skaudėsisi, skaudėtis
skaudėsis, skaudėtis
skaudėsimės, skaudėtis
skaudėsitės, skaudėtis
skaudėčiausi, skaudėtis
skaudėtumeisi, skaudėtis
skaudėtųsi, skaudėtis
skaudėtu(mė)mės, skaudėtis
skaudėtu(mė)tės, skaudėtis
skaudintis, skaudintis
skaudinuosi, skaudintis
skaudiniesi, skaudintis
skaudinasi, skaudintis
skaudinamės, skaudintis
skaudinatės, skaudintis
skaudinks, skaudintis
skaudinkitės, skaudintis
skaudinkimės, skaudintis
skaudinausi, skaudintis
skaudinaisi, skaudintis
skaudinosi, skaudintis
skaudinomės, skaudintis
skaudinotės, skaudintis
skaudindavausi, skaudintis
skaudindavaisi, skaudintis
skaudindavosi, skaudintis
skaudindavomės, skaudintis
skaudindavotės, skaudintis
skaudinsiusi, skaudintis
skaudinsisi, skaudintis
skaudinsis, skaudintis
skaudinsimės, skaudintis
skaudinsitės, skaudintis
skaudinčiausi, skaudintis
skaudintumeisi, skaudintis
skaudintųsi, skaudintis
skaudintu(mė)mės, skaudintis
skaudintu(mė)tės, skaudintis
skelbtis, skelbtis
skelbiuosi, skelbtis
skelbiesi, skelbtis
skelbiasi, skelbtis
skelbiamės, skelbtis
skelbiatės, skelbtis
skelbks, skelbtis
skelbkitės, skelbtis
skelbkimės, skelbtis
skelbiausi, skelbtis
skelbeisi, skelbtis
skelbėsi, skelbtis
skelbėmės, skelbtis
skelbėtės, skelbtis
skelbdavausi, skelbtis
skelbdavaisi, skelbtis
skelbdavosi, skelbtis
skelbdavomės, skelbtis
skelbdavotės, skelbtis
skelbsiusi, skelbtis
skelbsisi, skelbtis
skelbsis, skelbtis
skelbsimės, skelbtis
skelbsitės, skelbtis
skelbčiausi, skelbtis
skelbtumeisi, skelbtis
skelbtųsi, skelbtis
skelbtu(mė)mės, skelbtis
skelbtu(mė)tės, skelbtis
skeltis, skeltis
skeliuosi, skeltis
skeliesi, skeltis
skeliasi, skeltis
skeliamės, skeltis
skeliatės, skeltis
skelks, skeltis
skelkitės, skeltis
skelkimės, skeltis
skėliausi, skeltis
skėleisi, skeltis
skėlėsi, skeltis
skėlėmės, skeltis
skėlėtės, skeltis
skeldavausi, skeltis
skeldavaisi, skeltis
skeldavosi, skeltis
skeldavomės, skeltis
skeldavotės, skeltis
skelsiusi, skeltis
skelsisi, skeltis
skelsis, skeltis
skelsimės, skeltis
skelsitės, skeltis
skelčiausi, skeltis
skeltumeisi, skeltis
skeltųsi, skeltis
skeltu(mė)mės, skeltis
skeltu(mė)tės, skeltis
skenuotis, skenuotis
skenuojuosi, skenuotis
skenuojiesi, skenuotis
skenuojasi, skenuotis
skenuojamės, skenuotis
skenuojatės, skenuotis
skenuoks, skenuotis
skenuokitės, skenuotis
skenuokimės, skenuotis
skenavausi, skenuotis
skenavaisi, skenuotis
skenavosi, skenuotis
skenavomės, skenuotis
skenavotės, skenuotis
skenuodavausi, skenuotis
skenuodavaisi, skenuotis
skenuodavosi, skenuotis
skenuodavomės, skenuotis
skenuodavotės, skenuotis
skenuosiusi, skenuotis
skenuosisi, skenuotis
skenuosis, skenuotis
skenuosimės, skenuotis
skenuositės, skenuotis
skenuočiausi, skenuotis
skenuotumeisi, skenuotis
skenuotųsi, skenuotis
skenuotu(mė)mės, skenuotis
skenuotu(mė)tės, skenuotis
skerstis, skerstis
skerdžiuosi, skerstis
skerdžiesi, skerstis
skerdžiasi, skerstis
skerdžiamės, skerstis
skerdžiatės, skerstis
skersks, skerstis
skerskitės, skerstis
skerskimės, skerstis
skerdeisi, skerstis
skerdėsi, skerstis
skerdėmės, skerstis
skerdėtės, skerstis
skersdavausi, skerstis
skersdavaisi, skerstis
skersdavosi, skerstis
skersdavomės, skerstis
skersdavotės, skerstis
skersiusi, skerstis
skersisi, skerstis
skersis, skerstis
skersimės, skerstis
skersitės, skerstis
skersčiausi, skerstis
skerstumeisi, skerstis
skerstųsi, skerstis
skerstu(mė)mės, skerstis
skerstu(mė)tės, skerstis
skeryčiotis, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojuosi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojiesi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojasi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojamės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojatės, skeryčiotis
skeryčioks, skeryčiotis
skeryčiokitės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiokimės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojausi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojaisi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojosi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojomės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiojotės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiodavausi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiodavaisi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiodavosi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiodavomės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiodavotės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiosiusi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiosisi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiosis, skeryčiotis
skeryčiosimės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiositės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiočiausi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiotumeisi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiotųsi, skeryčiotis
skeryčiotu(mė)mės, skeryčiotis
skeryčiotu(mė)tės, skeryčiotis
skėsčiotis, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojuosi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojiesi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojasi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojamės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojatės, skėsčiotis
skėsčioks, skėsčiotis
skėsčiokitės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiokimės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojausi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojaisi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojosi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojomės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiojotės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiodavausi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiodavaisi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiodavosi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiodavomės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiodavotės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiosiusi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiosisi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiosis, skėsčiotis
skėsčiosimės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiositės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiočiausi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiotumeisi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiotųsi, skėsčiotis
skėsčiotu(mė)mės, skėsčiotis
skėsčiotu(mė)tės, skėsčiotis
skėstis, skėstis
skečiuosi, skėstis
skečiesi, skėstis
skečiasi, skėstis
skečiamės, skėstis
skečiatės, skėstis
skėsks, skėstis
skėskitės, skėstis
skėskimės, skėstis
skėteisi, skėstis
skėtėsi, skėstis
skėtėmės, skėstis
skėtėtės, skėstis
skėsdavausi, skėstis
skėsdavaisi, skėstis
skėsdavosi, skėstis
skėsdavomės, skėstis
skėsdavotės, skėstis
skėsiusi, skėstis
skėsisi, skėstis
skėsis, skėstis
skėsimės, skėstis
skėsitės, skėstis
skėsčiausi, skėstis
skėstumeisi, skėstis
skėstųsi, skėstis
skėstu(mė)mės, skėstis
skėstu(mė)tės, skėstis
skęstis, skęstis
skėsčiojuosi, skęstis
skėsčiojiesi, skęstis
skėsčiojasi, skęstis
skėsčiojamės, skęstis
skėsčiojatės, skęstis
skęsks, skęstis
skęskitės, skęstis
skęskimės, skęstis
skėsčiojausi, skęstis
skėsčiojaisi, skęstis
skėsčiojosi, skęstis
skėsčiojomės, skęstis
skėsčiojotės, skęstis
skęsdavausi, skęstis
skęsdavaisi, skęstis
skęsdavosi, skęstis
skęsdavomės, skęstis
skęsdavotės, skęstis
skęsiusi, skęstis
skęsisi, skęstis
skęsis, skęstis
skęsimės, skęstis
skęsitės, skęstis
skęsčiausi, skęstis
skęstumeisi, skęstis
skęstųsi, skęstis
skęstu(mė)mės, skęstis
skęstu(mė)tės, skęstis
skiepytis, skiepytis
skiepijuosi, skiepytis
skiepijiesi, skiepytis
skiepijasi, skiepytis
skiepijamės, skiepytis
skiepijatės, skiepytis
skiepyks, skiepytis
skiepykitės, skiepytis
skiepykimės, skiepytis
skiepijausi, skiepytis
skiepijaisi, skiepytis
skiepijosi, skiepytis
skiepijomės, skiepytis
skiepijotės, skiepytis
skiepydavausi, skiepytis
skiepydavaisi, skiepytis
skiepydavosi, skiepytis
skiepydavomės, skiepytis
skiepydavotės, skiepytis
skiepysiusi, skiepytis
skiepysisi, skiepytis
skiepisis, skiepytis
skiepysimės, skiepytis
skiepysitės, skiepytis
skiepyčiausi, skiepytis
skiepytumeisi, skiepytis
skiepytųsi, skiepytis
skiepytu(mė)mės, skiepytis
skiepytu(mė)tės, skiepytis
skiestis, skiestis
skiedžiuosi, skiestis
skiedžiesi, skiestis
skiedžiasi, skiestis
skiedžiamės, skiestis
skiedžiatės, skiestis
skiesks, skiestis
skieskitės, skiestis
skieskimės, skiestis
skiedeisi, skiestis
skiedėsi, skiestis
skiedėmės, skiestis
skiedėtės, skiestis
skiesdavausi, skiestis
skiesdavaisi, skiestis
skiesdavosi, skiestis
skiesdavomės, skiestis
skiesdavotės, skiestis
skiesiusi, skiestis
skiesisi, skiestis
skiesis, skiestis
skiesimės, skiestis
skiesitės, skiestis
skiesčiausi, skiestis
skiestumeisi, skiestis
skiestųsi, skiestis
skiestu(mė)mės, skiestis
skiestu(mė)tės, skiestis
skiltis, skiltis
skyluosi, skiltis
skyliesi, skiltis
skylasi, skiltis
skylamės, skiltis
skylatės, skiltis
skilks, skiltis
skilkitės, skiltis
skilkimės, skiltis
skilausi, skiltis
skilaisi, skiltis
skilosi, skiltis
skilomės, skiltis
skilotės, skiltis
skildavausi, skiltis
skildavaisi, skiltis
skildavosi, skiltis
skildavomės, skiltis
skildavotės, skiltis
skilsiusi, skiltis
skilsisi, skiltis
skilsis, skiltis
skilsimės, skiltis
skilsitės, skiltis
skilčiausi, skiltis
skiltumeisi, skiltis
skiltųsi, skiltis
skiltu(mė)mės, skiltis
skiltu(mė)tės, skiltis
skintis, skintis
skinuosi, skintis
skiniesi, skintis
skinasi, skintis
skinamės, skintis
skinatės, skintis
skinks, skintis
skinkitės, skintis
skinkimės, skintis
skyniausi, skintis
skyneisi, skintis
skynėsi, skintis
skynėmės, skintis
skynėtės, skintis
skindavausi, skintis
skindavaisi, skintis
skindavosi, skintis
skindavomės, skintis
skindavotės, skintis
skinsiusi, skintis
skinsisi, skintis
skinsis, skintis
skinsimės, skintis
skinsitės, skintis
skinčiausi, skintis
skintumeisi, skintis
skintųsi, skintis
skintu(mė)mės, skintis
skintu(mė)tės, skintis
skirstytis, skirstytis
skirstausi, skirstytis
skirstaisi, skirstytis
skirstosi, skirstytis
skirstomės, skirstytis
skirstotės, skirstytis
skirstyks, skirstytis
skirstykitės, skirstytis
skirstykimės, skirstytis
skirsteisi, skirstytis
skirstėsi, skirstytis
skirstėmės, skirstytis
skirstėtės, skirstytis
skirstydavausi, skirstytis
skirstydavaisi, skirstytis
skirstydavosi, skirstytis
skirstydavomės, skirstytis
skirstydavotės, skirstytis
skirstysiusi, skirstytis
skirstysisi, skirstytis
skirstysis, skirstytis
skirstysimės, skirstytis
skirstysitės, skirstytis
skirstyčiausi, skirstytis
skirstytumeisi, skirstytis
skirstytųsi, skirstytis
skirstytu(mė)mės, skirstytis
skirstytu(mė)tės, skirstytis
skirtis, skirtis
skiriuosi, skirtis
skiriesi, skirtis
skiriasi, skirtis
skiriamės, skirtis
skiriatės, skirtis
skirks, skirtis
skirkitės, skirtis
skirkimės, skirtis
skyriausi, skirtis
skyreisi, skirtis
skyrėsi, skirtis
skyrėmės, skirtis
skyrėtės, skirtis
skirdavausi, skirtis
skirdavaisi, skirtis
skirdavosi, skirtis
skirdavomės, skirtis
skirdavotės, skirtis
skirsiusi, skirtis
skirsisi, skirtis
skirsis, skirtis
skirsimės, skirtis
skirsitės, skirtis
skirčiausi, skirtis
skirtumeisi, skirtis
skirtųsi, skirtis
skirtu(mė)mės, skirtis
skirtu(mė)tės, skirtis
sklaidytis, sklaidytis
sklaidžausi, sklaidytis
sklaidaisi, sklaidytis
sklaidosi, sklaidytis
sklaidomės, sklaidytis
sklaidotės, sklaidytis
sklaidyks, sklaidytis
sklaidykitės, sklaidytis
sklaidykimės, sklaidytis
sklaideisi, sklaidytis
sklaidėsi, sklaidytis
sklaidėmės, sklaidytis
sklaidėtės, sklaidytis
sklaidydavausi, sklaidytis
sklaidydavaisi, sklaidytis
sklaidydavosi, sklaidytis
sklaidydavomės, sklaidytis
sklaidydavotės, sklaidytis
sklaidysiusi, sklaidytis
sklaidysisi, sklaidytis
sklaidysis, sklaidytis
sklaidysimės, sklaidytis
sklaidysitės, sklaidytis
sklaidyčiausi, sklaidytis
sklaidytumeisi, sklaidytis
sklaidytųsi, sklaidytis
sklaidytu(mė)mės, sklaidytis
sklaidytu(mė)tės, sklaidytis
skleistis, skleistis
skleidžiuosi, skleistis
skleidžiesi, skleistis
skleidžiasi, skleistis
skleidžiamės, skleistis
skleidžiatės, skleistis
skleisks, skleistis
skleiskitės, skleistis
skleiskimės, skleistis
skleideisi, skleistis
skleidėsi, skleistis
skleidėmės, skleistis
skleidėtės, skleistis
skleisdavausi, skleistis
skleisdavaisi, skleistis
skleisdavosi, skleistis
skleisdavomės, skleistis
skleisdavotės, skleistis
skleisiusi, skleistis
skleisisi, skleistis
skleisis, skleistis
skleisimės, skleistis
skleisitės, skleistis
skleisčiausi, skleistis
skleistumeisi, skleistis
skleistųsi, skleistis
skleistu(mė)mės, skleistis
skleistu(mė)tės, skleistis
sklęstis, sklęstis
sklendžiuosi, sklęstis
sklendžiesi, sklęstis
sklendžiasi, sklęstis
sklendžiamės, sklęstis
sklendžiatės, sklęstis
sklęsks, sklęstis
sklęskitės, sklęstis
sklęskimės, sklęstis
sklendeisi, sklęstis
sklendėsi, sklęstis
sklendėmės, sklęstis
sklendėtės, sklęstis
sklęsdavausi, sklęstis
sklęsdavaisi, sklęstis
sklęsdavosi, sklęstis
sklęsdavomės, sklęstis
sklęsdavotės, sklęstis
sklęsiusi, sklęstis
sklęsisi, sklęstis
sklęsis, sklęstis
sklęsimės, sklęstis
sklęsitės, sklęstis
sklęsčiausi, sklęstis
sklęstumeisi, sklęstis
sklęstųsi, sklęstis
sklęstu(mė)mės, sklęstis
sklęstu(mė)tės, sklęstis
sklistis, sklistis
sklindžuosi, sklistis
sklindiesi, sklistis
sklindasi, sklistis
sklindamės, sklistis
sklindatės, sklistis
sklisks, sklistis
skliskitės, sklistis
skliskimės, sklistis
sklidausi, sklistis
sklidaisi, sklistis
sklidosi, sklistis
sklidomės, sklistis
sklidotės, sklistis
sklisdavausi, sklistis
sklisdavaisi, sklistis
sklisdavosi, sklistis
sklisdavomės, sklistis
sklisdavotės, sklistis
sklisiusi, sklistis
sklisisi, sklistis
sklisis, sklistis
sklisimės, sklistis
sklisitės, sklistis
sklisčiausi, sklistis
sklistumeisi, sklistis
sklistųsi, sklistis
sklistu(mė)mės, sklistis
sklistu(mė)tės, sklistis
skolintis, skolintis
skolinuosi, skolintis
skoliniesi, skolintis
skolinasi, skolintis
skolinamės, skolintis
skolinatės, skolintis
skolinks, skolintis
skolinkitės, skolintis
skolinkimės, skolintis
skolinausi, skolintis
skolinaisi, skolintis
skolinosi, skolintis
skolinomės, skolintis
skolinotės, skolintis
skolindavausi, skolintis
skolindavaisi, skolintis
skolindavosi, skolintis
skolindavomės, skolintis
skolindavotės, skolintis
skolinsiusi, skolintis
skolinsisi, skolintis
skolinsis, skolintis
skolinsimės, skolintis
skolinsitės, skolintis
skolinčiausi, skolintis
skolintumeisi, skolintis
skolintųsi, skolintis
skolintu(mė)mės, skolintis
skolintu(mė)tės, skolintis
skraidintis, skraidintis
skraidinuosi, skraidintis
skraidiniesi, skraidintis
skraidinasi, skraidintis
skraidinamės, skraidintis
skraidinatės, skraidintis
skraidinks, skraidintis
skraidinkitės, skraidintis
skraidinkimės, skraidintis
skraidinausi, skraidintis
skraidinaisi, skraidintis
skraidinosi, skraidintis
skraidinomės, skraidintis
skraidinotės, skraidintis
skraidindavausi, skraidintis
skraidindavaisi, skraidintis
skraidindavosi, skraidintis
skraidindavomės, skraidintis
skraidindavotės, skraidintis
skraidinsiusi, skraidintis
skraidinsisi, skraidintis
skraidinsis, skraidintis
skraidinsimės, skraidintis
skraidinsitės, skraidintis
skraidinčiausi, skraidintis
skraidintumeisi, skraidintis
skraidintųsi, skraidintis
skraidintu(mė)mės, skraidintis
skraidintu(mė)tės, skraidintis
skraidytis, skraidytis
skraidžausi, skraidytis
skraidaisi, skraidytis
skraidosi, skraidytis
skraidomės, skraidytis
skraidotės, skraidytis
skraidyks, skraidytis
skraidykitės, skraidytis
skraidykimės, skraidytis
skraideisi, skraidytis
skraidėsi, skraidytis
skraidėmės, skraidytis
skraidėtės, skraidytis
skraidydavausi, skraidytis
skraidydavaisi, skraidytis
skraidydavosi, skraidytis
skraidydavomės, skraidytis
skraidydavotės, skraidytis
skraidysiusi, skraidytis
skraidysisi, skraidytis
skraidysis, skraidytis
skraidysimės, skraidytis
skraidysitės, skraidytis
skraidyčiausi, skraidytis
skraidytumeisi, skraidytis
skraidytųsi, skraidytis
skraidytu(mė)mės, skraidytis
skraidytu(mė)tės, skraidytis
skrepliuotis, skrepliuotis
 skrepliuojuosi, skrepliuotis
 skrepliuojiesi, skrepliuotis
 skrepliuojasi, skrepliuotis
 skrepliuojamės, skrepliuotis
 skrepliuojatės, skrepliuotis
skrepliuoks, skrepliuotis
skrepliuokitės, skrepliuotis
skrepliuokimės, skrepliuotis
 skrepliavausi, skrepliuotis
 skrepliavaisi, skrepliuotis
 skrepliavosi, skrepliuotis
 skrepliavomės, skrepliuotis
 skrepliavotės, skrepliuotis
skrepliuodavausi, skrepliuotis
skrepliuodavaisi, skrepliuotis
skrepliuodavosi, skrepliuotis
skrepliuodavomės, skrepliuotis
skrepliuodavotės, skrepliuotis
skrepliuosiusi, skrepliuotis
skrepliuosisi, skrepliuotis
skrepliuosis, skrepliuotis
skrepliuosimės, skrepliuotis
skrepliuositės, skrepliuotis
skrepliuočiausi, skrepliuotis
skrepliuotumeisi, skrepliuotis
skrepliuotųsi, skrepliuotis
skrepliuotu(mė)mės, skrepliuotis
skrepliuotu(mė)tės, skrepliuotis
skriaustis, skriaustis
skriaudžiuosi, skriaustis
skriaudžiesi, skriaustis
skriaudžiasi, skriaustis
skriaudžiamės, skriaustis
skriaudžiatės, skriaustis
skriausks, skriaustis
skriauskitės, skriaustis
skriauskimės, skriaustis
skriaudeisi, skriaustis
skriaudėsi, skriaustis
skriaudėmės, skriaustis
skriaudėtės, skriaustis
skriausdavausi, skriaustis
skriausdavaisi, skriaustis
skriausdavosi, skriaustis
skriausdavomės, skriaustis
skriausdavotės, skriaustis
skriausiusi, skriaustis
skriausisi, skriaustis
skriausis, skriaustis
skriausimės, skriaustis
skriausitės, skriaustis
skriausčiausi, skriaustis
skriaustumeisi, skriaustis
skriaustųsi, skriaustis
skriaustu(mė)mės, skriaustis
skriaustu(mė)tės, skriaustis
skrietis, skrietis
skriejuosi, skrietis
skriejiesi, skrietis
skriejasi, skrietis
skriejamės, skrietis
skriejatės, skrietis
skrieks, skrietis
skriekitės, skrietis
skriekimės, skrietis
skriejausi, skrietis
skriejaisi, skrietis
skriejosi, skrietis
skriejomės, skrietis
skriejotės, skrietis
skriedavausi, skrietis
skriedavaisi, skrietis
skriedavosi, skrietis
skriedavomės, skrietis
skriedavotės, skrietis
skriesiusi, skrietis
skriesisi, skrietis
skriesis, skrietis
skriesimės, skrietis
skriesitės, skrietis
skriečiausi, skrietis
skrietumeisi, skrietis
skrietųsi, skrietis
skrietu(mė)mės, skrietis
skrietu(mė)tės, skrietis
skristis, skristis
skrendžuosi, skristis
skrendiesi, skristis
skrendasi, skristis
skrendamės, skristis
skrendatės, skristis
skrisks, skristis
skriskitės, skristis
skriskimės, skristis
skridausi, skristis
skridaisi, skristis
skridosi, skristis
skridomės, skristis
skridotės, skristis
skrisdavausi, skristis
skrisdavaisi, skristis
skrisdavosi, skristis
skrisdavomės, skristis
skrisdavotės, skristis
skrisiusi, skristis
skrisisi, skristis
skrisis, skristis
skrisimės, skristis
skrisitės, skristis
skrisčiausi, skristis
skristumeisi, skristis
skristųsi, skristis
skristu(mė)mės, skristis
skristu(mė)tės, skristis
skrostis, skrostis
skrodžiuosi, skrostis
skrodžiesi, skrostis
skrodžiasi, skrostis
skrodžiamės, skrostis
skrodžiatės, skrostis
skrosks, skrostis
skroskitės, skrostis
skroskimės, skrostis
skrodeisi, skrostis
skrodėsi, skrostis
skrodėmės, skrostis
skrodėtės, skrostis
skrosdavausi, skrostis
skrosdavaisi, skrostis
skrosdavosi, skrostis
skrosdavomės, skrostis
skrosdavotės, skrostis
skrosiusi, skrostis
skrosisi, skrostis
skrosis, skrostis
skrosimės, skrostis
skrositės, skrostis
skrosčiausi, skrostis
skrostumeisi, skrostis
skrostųsi, skrostis
skrostu(mė)mės, skrostis
skrostu(mė)tės, skrostis
skrudintis, skrudintis
skrudinuosi, skrudintis
skrudiniesi, skrudintis
skrudinasi, skrudintis
skrudinamės, skrudintis
skrudinatės, skrudintis
skrudinks, skrudintis
skrudinkitės, skrudintis
skrudinkimės, skrudintis
skrudinausi, skrudintis
skrudinaisi, skrudintis
skrudinosi, skrudintis
skrudinomės, skrudintis
skrudinotės, skrudintis
skrudindavausi, skrudintis
skrudindavaisi, skrudintis
skrudindavosi, skrudintis
skrudindavomės, skrudintis
skrudindavotės, skrudintis
skrudinsiusi, skrudintis
skrudinsisi, skrudintis
skrudinsis, skrudintis
skrudinsimės, skrudintis
skrudinsitės, skrudintis
skrudinčiausi, skrudintis
skrudintumeisi, skrudintis
skrudintųsi, skrudintis
skrudintu(mė)mės, skrudintis
skrudintu(mė)tės, skrudintis
skubėtis, skubėtis
skubuosi, skubėtis
skubiesi, skubėtis
skubasi, skubėtis
skubamės, skubėtis
skubatės, skubėtis
skubėks, skubėtis
skubėkitės, skubėtis
skubėkimės, skubėtis
skubėjausi, skubėtis
skubėjaisi, skubėtis
skubėjosi, skubėtis
skubėjomės, skubėtis
skubėjotės, skubėtis
skubėdavausi, skubėtis
skubėdavaisi, skubėtis
skubėdavosi, skubėtis
skubėdavomės, skubėtis
skubėdavotės, skubėtis
skubėsiusi, skubėtis
skubėsisi, skubėtis
skubėsis, skubėtis
skubėsimės, skubėtis
skubėsitės, skubėtis
skubėčiausi, skubėtis
skubėtumeisi, skubėtis
skubėtųsi, skubėtis
skubėtu(mė)mės, skubėtis
skubėtu(mė)tės, skubėtis
skubintis, skubintis
skubinuosi, skubintis
skubiniesi, skubintis
skubinasi, skubintis
skubinamės, skubintis
skubinatės, skubintis
skubinks, skubintis
skubinkitės, skubintis
skubinkimės, skubintis
skubinausi, skubintis
skubinaisi, skubintis
skubinosi, skubintis
skubinomės, skubintis
skubinotės, skubintis
skubindavausi, skubintis
skubindavaisi, skubintis
skubindavosi, skubintis
skubindavomės, skubintis
skubindavotės, skubintis
skubinsiusi, skubintis
skubinsisi, skubintis
skubinsis, skubintis
skubinsimės, skubintis
skubinsitės, skubintis
skubinčiausi, skubintis
skubintumeisi, skubintis
skubintųsi, skubintis
skubintu(mė)mės, skubintis
skubintu(mė)tės, skubintis
skurstis, skurstis
skurstuosi, skurstis
skurstiesi, skurstis
skurstasi, skurstis
skurstamės, skurstis
skurstatės, skurstis
skursks, skurstis
skurskitės, skurstis
skurskimės, skurstis
skurdausi, skurstis
skurdaisi, skurstis
skurdosi, skurstis
skurdomės, skurstis
skurdotės, skurstis
skursdavausi, skurstis
skursdavaisi, skurstis
skursdavosi, skurstis
skursdavomės, skurstis
skursdavotės, skurstis
skursiusi, skurstis
skursisi, skurstis
skursis, skurstis
skursimės, skurstis
skursitės, skurstis
skursčiausi, skurstis
skurstumeisi, skurstis
skurstųsi, skurstis
skurstu(mė)mės, skurstis
skurstu(mė)tės, skurstis
skųstis, skųstis
skundžiuosi, skųstis
skundžiesi, skųstis
skundžiasi, skųstis
skundžiamės, skųstis
skundžiatės, skųstis
skųsks, skųstis
skųskitės, skųstis
skųskimės, skųstis
skundeisi, skųstis
skundėsi, skųstis
skundėmės, skųstis
skundėtės, skųstis
skųsdavausi, skųstis
skųsdavaisi, skųstis
skųsdavosi, skųstis
skųsdavomės, skųstis
skųsdavotės, skųstis
skųsiusi, skųstis
skųsisi, skųstis
skųsis, skųstis
skųsimės, skųstis
skųsitės, skųstis
skųsčiausi, skųstis
skųstumeisi, skųstis
skųstųsi, skųstis
skųstu(mė)mės, skųstis
skųstu(mė)tės, skųstis
skustis, skustis
skutuosi, skustis
skutiesi, skustis
skutasi, skustis
skutamės, skustis
skutatės, skustis
skusks, skustis
skuskitės, skustis
skuskimės, skustis
skutausi, skustis
skutaisi, skustis
skutosi, skustis
skutomės, skustis
skutotės, skustis
skusdavausi, skustis
skusdavaisi, skustis
skusdavosi, skustis
skusdavomės, skustis
skusdavotės, skustis
skusiusi, skustis
skusisi, skustis
skusis, skustis
skusimės, skustis
skusitės, skustis
skusčiausi, skustis
skustumeisi, skustis
skustųsi, skustis
skustu(mė)mės, skustis
skustu(mė)tės, skustis
skutinėtis, skutinėtis
skutinėjuosi, skutinėtis
skutinėjiesi, skutinėtis
skutinėjasi, skutinėtis
skutinėjamės, skutinėtis
skutinėjatės, skutinėtis
skutinėks, skutinėtis
skutinėkitės, skutinėtis
skutinėkimės, skutinėtis
skutinėjausi, skutinėtis
skutinėjaisi, skutinėtis
skutinėjosi, skutinėtis
skutinėjomės, skutinėtis
skutinėjotės, skutinėtis
skutinėdavausi, skutinėtis
skutinėdavaisi, skutinėtis
skutinėdavosi, skutinėtis
skutinėdavomės, skutinėtis
skutinėdavotės, skutinėtis
skutinėsiusi, skutinėtis
skutinėsisi, skutinėtis
skutinėsis, skutinėtis
skutinėsimės, skutinėtis
skutinėsitės, skutinėtis
skutinėčiausi, skutinėtis
skutinėtumeisi, skutinėtis
skutinėtųsi, skutinėtis
skutinėtu(mė)mės, skutinėtis
skutinėtu(mė)tės, skutinėtis
šlamėtis, šlamėtis
šlamuosi, šlamėtis
šlamiesi, šlamėtis
šlamasi, šlamėtis
šlamamės, šlamėtis
šlamatės, šlamėtis
šlamėks, šlamėtis
šlamėkitės, šlamėtis
šlamėkimės, šlamėtis
šlamėjausi, šlamėtis
šlamėjaisi, šlamėtis
šlamėjosi, šlamėtis
šlamėjomės, šlamėtis
šlamėjotės, šlamėtis
šlamėdavausi, šlamėtis
šlamėdavaisi, šlamėtis
šlamėdavosi, šlamėtis
šlamėdavomės, šlamėtis
šlamėdavotės, šlamėtis
šlamėsiusi, šlamėtis
šlamėsisi, šlamėtis
šlamėsis, šlamėtis
šlamėsimės, šlamėtis
šlamėsitės, šlamėtis
šlamėčiausi, šlamėtis
šlamėtumeisi, šlamėtis
šlamėtųsi, šlamėtis
šlamėtu(mė)mės, šlamėtis
šlamėtu(mė)tės, šlamėtis
slankintis, slankintis
slankinuosi, slankintis
slankiniesi, slankintis
slankinasi, slankintis
slankinamės, slankintis
slankinatės, slankintis
slankinks, slankintis
slankinkitės, slankintis
slankinkimės, slankintis
slankinausi, slankintis
slankinaisi, slankintis
slankinosi, slankintis
slankinomės, slankintis
slankinotės, slankintis
slankindavausi, slankintis
slankindavaisi, slankintis
slankindavosi, slankintis
slankindavomės, slankintis
slankindavotės, slankintis
slankinsiusi, slankintis
slankinsisi, slankintis
slankinsis, slankintis
slankinsimės, slankintis
slankinsitės, slankintis
slankinčiausi, slankintis
slankintumeisi, slankintis
slankintųsi, slankintis
slankintu(mė)mės, slankintis
slankintu(mė)tės, slankintis
slankiotis, slankiotis
slankiojuosi, slankiotis
slankiojiesi, slankiotis
slankiojasi, slankiotis
slankiojamės, slankiotis
slankiojatės, slankiotis
slankioks, slankiotis
slankiokitės, slankiotis
slankiokimės, slankiotis
slankiojausi, slankiotis
slankiojaisi, slankiotis
slankiojosi, slankiotis
slankiojomės, slankiotis
slankiojotės, slankiotis
slankiodavausi, slankiotis
slankiodavaisi, slankiotis
slankiodavosi, slankiotis
slankiodavomės, slankiotis
slankiodavotės, slankiotis
slankiosiusi, slankiotis
slankiosisi, slankiotis
slankiosis, slankiotis
slankiosimės, slankiotis
slankiositės, slankiotis
slankiočiausi, slankiotis
slankiotumeisi, slankiotis
slankiotųsi, slankiotis
slankiotu(mė)mės, slankiotis
slankiotu(mė)tės, slankiotis
šlapintis, šlapintis
šlapinuosi, šlapintis
šlapiniesi, šlapintis
šlapinasi, šlapintis
šlapinamės, šlapintis
šlapinatės, šlapintis
šlapinks, šlapintis
šlapinkitės, šlapintis
šlapinkimės, šlapintis
šlapinausi, šlapintis
šlapinaisi, šlapintis
šlapinosi, šlapintis
šlapinomės, šlapintis
šlapinotės, šlapintis
šlapindavausi, šlapintis
šlapindavaisi, šlapintis
šlapindavosi, šlapintis
šlapindavomės, šlapintis
šlapindavotės, šlapintis
šlapinsiusi, šlapintis
šlapinsisi, šlapintis
šlapinsis, šlapintis
šlapinsimės, šlapintis
šlapinsitės, šlapintis
šlapinčiausi, šlapintis
šlapintumeisi, šlapintis
šlapintųsi, šlapintis
šlapintu(mė)mės, šlapintis
šlapintu(mė)tės, šlapintis
šlaptis, šlaptis
šlampuosi, šlaptis
šlampiesi, šlaptis
šlampasi, šlaptis
šlampamės, šlaptis
šlampatės, šlaptis
šlapks, šlaptis
šlapkitės, šlaptis
šlapkimės, šlaptis
šlapausi, šlaptis
šlapaisi, šlaptis
šlaposi, šlaptis
šlapomės, šlaptis
šlapotės, šlaptis
šlapdavausi, šlaptis
šlapdavaisi, šlaptis
šlapdavosi, šlaptis
šlapdavomės, šlaptis
šlapdavotės, šlaptis
šlapsiusi, šlaptis
šlapsisi, šlaptis
šlapsis, šlaptis
šlapsimės, šlaptis
šlapsitės, šlaptis
šlapčiausi, šlaptis
šlaptumeisi, šlaptis
šlaptųsi, šlaptis
šlaptu(mė)mės, šlaptis
šlaptu(mė)tės, šlaptis
slaugytis, slaugytis
slaugausi, slaugytis
slaugaisi, slaugytis
slaugosi, slaugytis
slaugomės, slaugytis
slaugotės, slaugytis
slaugyks, slaugytis
slaugykitės, slaugytis
slaugykimės, slaugytis
slaugiausi, slaugytis
slaugeisi, slaugytis
slaugėsi, slaugytis
slaugėmės, slaugytis
slaugėtės, slaugytis
slaugydavausi, slaugytis
slaugydavaisi, slaugytis
slaugydavosi, slaugytis
slaugydavomės, slaugytis
slaugydavotės, slaugytis
slaugysiusi, slaugytis
slaugysisi, slaugytis
slaugysis, slaugytis
slaugysimės, slaugytis
slaugysitės, slaugytis
slaugyčiausi, slaugytis
slaugytumeisi, slaugytis
slaugytųsi, slaugytis
slaugytu(mė)mės, slaugytis
slaugytu(mė)tės, slaugytis
slėgtis, slėgtis
slegiuosi, slėgtis
slegiesi, slėgtis
slegiasi, slėgtis
slegiamės, slėgtis
slegiatės, slėgtis
slėks, slėgtis
slėkitės, slėgtis
slėkimės, slėgtis
slėgiausi, slėgtis
slėgeisi, slėgtis
slėgėsi, slėgtis
slėgėmės, slėgtis
slėgėtės, slėgtis
slėgdavausi, slėgtis
slėgdavaisi, slėgtis
slėgdavosi, slėgtis
slėgdavomės, slėgtis
slėgdavotės, slėgtis
slėgsiusi, slėgtis
slėgsisi, slėgtis
slėgsis, slėgtis
slėgsimės, slėgtis
slėgsitės, slėgtis
slėgčiausi, slėgtis
slėgtumeisi, slėgtis
slėgtųsi, slėgtis
slėgtu(mė)mės, slėgtis
slėgtu(mė)tės, slėgtis
šlempintis, šlempintis
šlempinuosi, šlempintis
šlempiniesi, šlempintis
šlempinasi, šlempintis
šlempinamės, šlempintis
šlempinatės, šlempintis
šlempinks, šlempintis
šlempinkitės, šlempintis
šlempinkimės, šlempintis
šlempinausi, šlempintis
šlempinaisi, šlempintis
šlempinosi, šlempintis
šlempinomės, šlempintis
šlempinotės, šlempintis
šlempindavausi, šlempintis
šlempindavaisi, šlempintis
šlempindavosi, šlempintis
šlempindavomės, šlempintis
šlempindavotės, šlempintis
šlempinsiusi, šlempintis
šlempinsisi, šlempintis
šlempinsis, šlempintis
šlempinsimės, šlempintis
šlempinsitės, šlempintis
šlempinčiausi, šlempintis
šlempintumeisi, šlempintis
šlempintųsi, šlempintis
šlempintu(mė)mės, šlempintis
šlempintu(mė)tės, šlempintis
šlepsėtis, šlepsėtis
šlepsiusi, šlepsėtis
šlepsisi, šlepsėtis
šlepsisi, šlepsėtis
šlepsimės, šlepsėtis
šlepsitės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėks, šlepsėtis
šlepsėkitės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėkimės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėjausi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėjaisi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėjosi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėjomės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėjotės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėdavausi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėdavaisi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėdavosi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėdavomės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėdavotės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėsiusi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėsisi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėsis, šlepsėtis
šlepsėsimės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėsitės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėčiausi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėtumeisi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėtųsi, šlepsėtis
šlepsėtu(mė)mės, šlepsėtis
šlepsėtu(mė)tės, šlepsėtis
slėptis, slėptis
slepiuosi, slėptis
slepiesi, slėptis
slepiasi, slėptis
slepiamės, slėptis
slepiatės, slėptis
slėpks, slėptis
slėpkitės, slėptis
slėpkimės, slėptis
slėpiausi, slėptis
slėpeisi, slėptis
slėpėsi, slėptis
slėpėmės, slėptis
slėpėtės, slėptis
slėpdavausi, slėptis
slėpdavaisi, slėptis
slėpdavosi, slėptis
slėpdavomės, slėptis
slėpdavotės, slėptis
slėpsiusi, slėptis
slėpsisi, slėptis
slėpsis, slėptis
slėpsimės, slėptis
slėpsitės, slėptis
slėpčiausi, slėptis
slėptumeisi, slėptis
slėptųsi, slėptis
slėptu(mė)mės, slėptis
slėptu(mė)tės, slėptis
šliaužtis, šliaužtis
šliaužiuosi, šliaužtis
šliaužiesi, šliaužtis
šliaužiasi, šliaužtis
šliaužiamės, šliaužtis
šliaužiatės, šliaužtis
šliaužks, šliaužtis
šliaužkitės, šliaužtis
šliaužkimės, šliaužtis
šliaužiausi, šliaužtis
šliaužeisi, šliaužtis
šliaužėsi, šliaužtis
šliaužėmės, šliaužtis
šliaužėtės, šliaužtis
šliauždavausi, šliaužtis
šliauždavaisi, šliaužtis
šliauždavosi, šliaužtis
šliauždavomės, šliaužtis
šliauždavotės, šliaužtis
šliaužšiusi, šliaužtis
šliaužšisi, šliaužtis
šliaužšis, šliaužtis
šliaužšimės, šliaužtis
šliaužšitės, šliaužtis
šliaužčiausi, šliaužtis
šliaužtumeisi, šliaužtis
šliaužtųsi, šliaužtis
šliaužtu(mė)mės, šliaužtis
šliaužtu(mė)tės, šliaužtis
slidinėtis, slidinėtis
slidinėjuosi, slidinėtis
slidinėjiesi, slidinėtis
slidinėjasi, slidinėtis
slidinėjamės, slidinėtis
slidinėjatės, slidinėtis
slidinėks, slidinėtis
slidinėkitės, slidinėtis
slidinėkimės, slidinėtis
slidinėjausi, slidinėtis
slidinėjaisi, slidinėtis
slidinėjosi, slidinėtis
slidinėjomės, slidinėtis
slidinėjotės, slidinėtis
slidinėdavausi, slidinėtis
slidinėdavaisi, slidinėtis
slidinėdavosi, slidinėtis
slidinėdavomės, slidinėtis
slidinėdavotės, slidinėtis
slidinėsiusi, slidinėtis
slidinėsisi, slidinėtis
slidinėsis, slidinėtis
slidinėsimės, slidinėtis
slidinėsitės, slidinėtis
slidinėčiausi, slidinėtis
slidinėtumeisi, slidinėtis
slidinėtųsi, slidinėtis
slidinėtu(mė)mės, slidinėtis
slidinėtu(mė)tės, slidinėtis
šlietis, šlietis
šliejuosi, šlietis
šliejiesi, šlietis
šliejasi, šlietis
šliejamės, šlietis
šliejatės, šlietis
šlieks, šlietis
šliekitės, šlietis
šliekimės, šlietis
šliejausi, šlietis
šliejaisi, šlietis
šliejosi, šlietis
šliejomės, šlietis
šliejotės, šlietis
šliedavausi, šlietis
šliedavaisi, šlietis
šliedavosi, šlietis
šliedavomės, šlietis
šliedavotės, šlietis
šliesiusi, šlietis
šliesisi, šlietis
šliesis, šlietis
šliesimės, šlietis
šliesitės, šlietis
šliečiausi, šlietis
šlietumeisi, šlietis
šlietųsi, šlietis
šlietu(mė)mės, šlietis
šlietu(mė)tės, šlietis
slinktis, slinktis
slenkuosi, slinktis
slenkiesi, slinktis
slenkasi, slinktis
slenkamės, slinktis
slenkatės, slinktis
slinks, slinktis
slinkitės, slinktis
slinkimės, slinktis
slinkausi, slinktis
slinkaisi, slinktis
slinkosi, slinktis
slinkomės, slinktis
slinkotės, slinktis
slinkdavausi, slinktis
slinkdavaisi, slinktis
slinkdavosi, slinktis
slinkdavomės, slinktis
slinkdavotės, slinktis
slinksiusi, slinktis
slinksisi, slinktis
slinksis, slinktis
slinksimės, slinktis
slinksitės, slinktis
slinkčiausi, slinktis
slinktumeisi, slinktis
slinktųsi, slinktis
slinktu(mė)mės, slinktis
slinktu(mė)tės, slinktis
sloguotis, sloguotis
sloguojuosi, sloguotis
sloguojiesi, sloguotis
sloguojasi, sloguotis
sloguojamės, sloguotis
sloguojatės, sloguotis
sloguoks, sloguotis
sloguokitės, sloguotis
sloguokimės, sloguotis
slogavausi, sloguotis
slogavaisi, sloguotis
slogavosi, sloguotis
slogavomės, sloguotis
slogavotės, sloguotis
sloguodavausi, sloguotis
sloguodavaisi, sloguotis
sloguodavosi, sloguotis
sloguodavomės, sloguotis
sloguodavotės, sloguotis
sloguosiusi, sloguotis
sloguosisi, sloguotis
sloguosis, sloguotis
sloguosimės, sloguotis
sloguositės, sloguotis
sloguočiausi, sloguotis
sloguotumeisi, sloguotis
sloguotųsi, sloguotis
sloguotu(mė)mės, sloguotis
sloguotu(mė)tės, sloguotis
slopintis, slopintis
slopinuosi, slopintis
slopiniesi, slopintis
slopinasi, slopintis
slopinamės, slopintis
slopinatės, slopintis
slopinks, slopintis
slopinkitės, slopintis
slopinkimės, slopintis
slopinausi, slopintis
slopinaisi, slopintis
slopinosi, slopintis
slopinomės, slopintis
slopinotės, slopintis
slopindavausi, slopintis
slopindavaisi, slopintis
slopindavosi, slopintis
slopindavomės, slopintis
slopindavotės, slopintis
slopinsiusi, slopintis
slopinsisi, slopintis
slopinsis, slopintis
slopinsimės, slopintis
slopinsitės, slopintis
slopinčiausi, slopintis
slopintumeisi, slopintis
slopintųsi, slopintis
slopintu(mė)mės, slopintis
slopintu(mė)tės, slopintis
šlovintis, šlovintis
šlovinuosi, šlovintis
šloviniesi, šlovintis
šlovinasi, šlovintis
šlovinamės, šlovintis
šlovinatės, šlovintis
šlovinks, šlovintis
šlovinkitės, šlovintis
šlovinkimės, šlovintis
šlovinausi, šlovintis
šlovinaisi, šlovintis
šlovinosi, šlovintis
šlovinomės, šlovintis
šlovinotės, šlovintis
šlovindavausi, šlovintis
šlovindavaisi, šlovintis
šlovindavosi, šlovintis
šlovindavomės, šlovintis
šlovindavotės, šlovintis
šlovinsiusi, šlovintis
šlovinsisi, šlovintis
šlovinsis, šlovintis
šlovinsimės, šlovintis
šlovinsitės, šlovintis
šlovinčiausi, šlovintis
šlovintumeisi, šlovintis
šlovintųsi, šlovintis
šlovintu(mė)mės, šlovintis
šlovintu(mė)tės, šlovintis
slūgtis, slūgtis
slūgstuosi, slūgtis
slūgstiesi, slūgtis
slūgstasi, slūgtis
slūgstamės, slūgtis
slūgstatės, slūgtis
slūks, slūgtis
slūkitės, slūgtis
slūkimės, slūgtis
slūgausi, slūgtis
slūgaisi, slūgtis
slūgosi, slūgtis
slūgomės, slūgtis
slūgotės, slūgtis
slūgdavausi, slūgtis
slūgdavaisi, slūgtis
slūgdavosi, slūgtis
slūgdavomės, slūgtis
slūgdavotės, slūgtis
slūgsiusi, slūgtis
slūgsisi, slūgtis
slūgsis, slūgtis
slūgsimės, slūgtis
slūgsitės, slūgtis
slūgčiausi, slūgtis
slūgtumeisi, slūgtis
slūgtųsi, slūgtis
slūgtu(mė)mės, slūgtis
slūgtu(mė)tės, slūgtis
šluostytis, šluostytis
šluostausi, šluostytis
šluostaisi, šluostytis
šluostosi, šluostytis
šluostomės, šluostytis
šluostotės, šluostytis
šluostyks, šluostytis
šluostykitės, šluostytis
šluostykimės, šluostytis
šluosteisi, šluostytis
šluostėsi, šluostytis
šluostėmės, šluostytis
šluostėtės, šluostytis
šluostydavausi, šluostytis
šluostydavaisi, šluostytis
šluostydavosi, šluostytis
šluostydavomės, šluostytis
šluostydavotės, šluostytis
šluostysiusi, šluostytis
šluostysisi, šluostytis
šluostysis, šluostytis
šluostysimės, šluostytis
šluostysitės, šluostytis
šluostyčiausi, šluostytis
šluostytumeisi, šluostytis
šluostytųsi, šluostytis
šluostytu(mė)mės, šluostytis
šluostytu(mė)tės, šluostytis
šluotis, šluotis
šluojuosi, šluotis
šluojiesi, šluotis
šluojasi, šluotis
šluojamės, šluotis
šluojatės, šluotis
šluoks, šluotis
šluokitės, šluotis
šluokimės, šluotis
šlaviausi, šluotis
šlaveisi, šluotis
šlavėsi, šluotis
šlavėmės, šluotis
šlavėtės, šluotis
šluodavausi, šluotis
šluodavaisi, šluotis
šluodavosi, šluotis
šluodavomės, šluotis
šluodavotės, šluotis
šluosiusi, šluotis
šluosisi, šluotis
šluosis, šluotis
šluosimės, šluotis
šluositės, šluotis
šluočiausi, šluotis
šluotumeisi, šluotis
šluotųsi, šluotis
šluotu(mė)mės, šluotis
šluotu(mė)tės, šluotis
slypėtis, slypėtis
slypiusi, slypėtis
slypisi, slypėtis
slypisi, slypėtis
slypimės, slypėtis
slypitės, slypėtis
slypėks, slypėtis
slypėkitės, slypėtis
slypėkimės, slypėtis
slypėjausi, slypėtis
slypėjaisi, slypėtis
slypėjosi, slypėtis
slypėjomės, slypėtis
slypėjotės, slypėtis
slypėdavausi, slypėtis
slypėdavaisi, slypėtis
slypėdavosi, slypėtis
slypėdavomės, slypėtis
slypėdavotės, slypėtis
slypėsiusi, slypėtis
slypėsisi, slypėtis
slypėsis, slypėtis
slypėsimės, slypėtis
slypėsitės, slypėtis
slypėčiausi, slypėtis
slypėtumeisi, slypėtis
slypėtųsi, slypėtis
slypėtu(mė)mės, slypėtis
slypėtu(mė)tės, slypėtis
slystelėtis, slystelėtis
slystelėjuosi, slystelėtis
slystelėjiesi, slystelėtis
slystelėjasi, slystelėtis
slystelėjamės, slystelėtis
slystelėjatės, slystelėtis
slystelėks, slystelėtis
slystelėkitės, slystelėtis
slystelėkimės, slystelėtis
slystelėjausi, slystelėtis
slystelėjaisi, slystelėtis
slystelėjosi, slystelėtis
slystelėjomės, slystelėtis
slystelėjotės, slystelėtis
slystelėdavausi, slystelėtis
slystelėdavaisi, slystelėtis
slystelėdavosi, slystelėtis
slystelėdavomės, slystelėtis
slystelėdavotės, slystelėtis
slystelėsiusi, slystelėtis
slystelėsisi, slystelėtis
slystelėsis, slystelėtis
slystelėsimės, slystelėtis
slystelėsitės, slystelėtis
slystelėčiausi, slystelėtis
slystelėtumeisi, slystelėtis
slystelėtųsi, slystelėtis
slystelėtu(mė)mės, slystelėtis
slystelėtu(mė)tės, slystelėtis
slystis, slystis
slystuosi, slystis
slystiesi, slystis
slystasi, slystis
slystamės, slystis
slystatės, slystis
slysks, slystis
slyskitės, slystis
slyskimės, slystis
slydausi, slystis
slydaisi, slystis
slydosi, slystis
slydomės, slystis
slydotės, slystis
slysdavausi, slystis
slysdavaisi, slystis
slysdavosi, slystis
slysdavomės, slystis
slysdavotės, slystis
slysiusi, slystis
slysisi, slystis
slysis, slystis
slysimės, slystis
slysitės, slystis
slysčiausi, slystis
slystumeisi, slystis
slystųsi, slystis
slystu(mė)mės, slystis
slystu(mė)tės, slystis
smaguriautis, smaguriautis
smaguriaujuosi, smaguriautis
smaguriaujiesi, smaguriautis
smaguriaujasi, smaguriautis
smaguriaujamės, smaguriautis
smaguriaujatės, smaguriautis
smaguriauks, smaguriautis
smaguriaukitės, smaguriautis
smaguriaukimės, smaguriautis
smaguriavausi, smaguriautis
smaguriavaisi, smaguriautis
smaguriavosi, smaguriautis
smaguriavomės, smaguriautis
smaguriavotės, smaguriautis
smaguriaudavausi, smaguriautis
smaguriaudavaisi, smaguriautis
smaguriaudavosi, smaguriautis
smaguriaudavomės, smaguriautis
smaguriaudavotės, smaguriautis
smaguriausiusi, smaguriautis
smaguriausisi, smaguriautis
smaguriausis, smaguriautis
smaguriausimės, smaguriautis
smaguriausitės, smaguriautis
smaguriaučiausi, smaguriautis
smaguriautumeisi, smaguriautis
smaguriautųsi, smaguriautis
smaguriautu(mė)mės, smaguriautis
smaguriautu(mė)tės, smaguriautis
smaigstytis, smaigstytis
smaigstausi, smaigstytis
smaigstaisi, smaigstytis
smaigstosi, smaigstytis
smaigstomės, smaigstytis
smaigstotės, smaigstytis
smaigstyks, smaigstytis
smaigstykitės, smaigstytis
smaigstykimės, smaigstytis
smaigsteisi, smaigstytis
smaigstėsi, smaigstytis
smaigstėmės, smaigstytis
smaigstėtės, smaigstytis
smaigstydavausi, smaigstytis
smaigstydavaisi, smaigstytis
smaigstydavosi, smaigstytis
smaigstydavomės, smaigstytis
smaigstydavotės, smaigstytis
smaigstysiusi, smaigstytis
smaigstysisi, smaigstytis
smaigstysis, smaigstytis
smaigstysimės, smaigstytis
smaigstysitės, smaigstytis
smaigstyčiausi, smaigstytis
smaigstytumeisi, smaigstytis
smaigstytųsi, smaigstytis
smaigstytu(mė)mės, smaigstytis
smaigstytu(mė)tės, smaigstytis
smaigytis, smaigytis
smaigausi, smaigytis
smaigaisi, smaigytis
smaigosi, smaigytis
smaigomės, smaigytis
smaigotės, smaigytis
smaigyks, smaigytis
smaigykitės, smaigytis
smaigykimės, smaigytis
smaigiausi, smaigytis
smaigeisi, smaigytis
smaigėsi, smaigytis
smaigėmės, smaigytis
smaigėtės, smaigytis
smaigydavausi, smaigytis
smaigydavaisi, smaigytis
smaigydavosi, smaigytis
smaigydavomės, smaigytis
smaigydavotės, smaigytis
smaigysiusi, smaigytis
smaigysisi, smaigytis
smaigysis, smaigytis
smaigysimės, smaigytis
smaigysitės, smaigytis
smaigyčiausi, smaigytis
smaigytumeisi, smaigytis
smaigytųsi, smaigytis
smaigytu(mė)mės, smaigytis
smaigytu(mė)tės, smaigytis
smaližiautis, smaližiautis
smaližiaujuosi, smaližiautis
smaližiaujiesi, smaližiautis
smaližiaujasi, smaližiautis
smaližiaujamės, smaližiautis
smaližiaujatės, smaližiautis
smaližiauks, smaližiautis
smaližiaukitės, smaližiautis
smaližiaukimės, smaližiautis
smaližiavausi, smaližiautis
smaližiavaisi, smaližiautis
smaližiavosi, smaližiautis
smaližiavomės, smaližiautis
smaližiavotės, smaližiautis
smaližiaudavausi, smaližiautis
smaližiaudavaisi, smaližiautis
smaližiaudavosi, smaližiautis
smaližiaudavomės, smaližiautis
smaližiaudavotės, smaližiautis
smaližiausiusi, smaližiautis
smaližiausisi, smaližiautis
smaližiausis, smaližiautis
smaližiausimės, smaližiautis
smaližiausitės, smaližiautis
smaližiaučiausi, smaližiautis
smaližiautumeisi, smaližiautis
smaližiautųsi, smaližiautis
smaližiautu(mė)mės, smaližiautis
smaližiautu(mė)tės, smaližiautis
smaugtis, smaugtis
smaugiuosi, smaugtis
smaugiesi, smaugtis
smaugiasi, smaugtis
smaugiamės, smaugtis
smaugiatės, smaugtis
smauks, smaugtis
smaukitės, smaugtis
smaukimės, smaugtis
smaugiausi, smaugtis
smaugeisi, smaugtis
smaugėsi, smaugtis
smaugėmės, smaugtis
smaugėtės, smaugtis
smaugdavausi, smaugtis
smaugdavaisi, smaugtis
smaugdavosi, smaugtis
smaugdavomės, smaugtis
smaugdavotės, smaugtis
smaugsiusi, smaugtis
smaugsisi, smaugtis
smaugsis, smaugtis
smaugsimės, smaugtis
smaugsitės, smaugtis
smaugčiausi, smaugtis
smaugtumeisi, smaugtis
smaugtųsi, smaugtis
smaugtu(mė)mės, smaugtis
smaugtu(mė)tės, smaugtis
smauktis, smauktis
smaukiuosi, smauktis
smaukiesi, smauktis
smaukiasi, smauktis
smaukiamės, smauktis
smaukiatės, smauktis
smauks, smauktis
smaukitės, smauktis
smaukimės, smauktis
smaukiausi, smauktis
smaukeisi, smauktis
smaukėsi, smauktis
smaukėmės, smauktis
smaukėtės, smauktis
smaukdavausi, smauktis
smaukdavaisi, smauktis
smaukdavosi, smauktis
smaukdavomės, smauktis
smaukdavotės, smauktis
smauksiusi, smauktis
smauksisi, smauktis
smauksis, smauktis
smauksimės, smauktis
smauksitės, smauktis
smaukčiausi, smauktis
smauktumeisi, smauktis
smauktųsi, smauktis
smauktu(mė)mės, smauktis
smauktu(mė)tės, smauktis
smaukytis, smaukytis
smaukausi, smaukytis
smaukaisi, smaukytis
smaukosi, smaukytis
smaukomės, smaukytis
smaukotės, smaukytis
smaukyks, smaukytis
smaukykitės, smaukytis
smaukykimės, smaukytis
smaukiausi, smaukytis
smaukeisi, smaukytis
smaukėsi, smaukytis
smaukėmės, smaukytis
smaukėtės, smaukytis
smaukydavausi, smaukytis
smaukydavaisi, smaukytis
smaukydavosi, smaukytis
smaukydavomės, smaukytis
smaukydavotės, smaukytis
smaukysiusi, smaukytis
smaukysisi, smaukytis
smaukysis, smaukytis
smaukysimės, smaukytis
smaukysitės, smaukytis
smaukyčiausi, smaukytis
smaukytumeisi, smaukytis
smaukytųsi, smaukytis
smaukytu(mė)mės, smaukytis
smaukytu(mė)tės, smaukytis
smeigtis, smeigtis
smeigiuosi, smeigtis
smeigiesi, smeigtis
smeigiasi, smeigtis
smeigiamės, smeigtis
smeigiatės, smeigtis
smeiks, smeigtis
smeikitės, smeigtis
smeikimės, smeigtis
smeigiausi, smeigtis
smeigeisi, smeigtis
smeigėsi, smeigtis
smeigėmės, smeigtis
smeigėtės, smeigtis
smeigdavausi, smeigtis
smeigdavaisi, smeigtis
smeigdavosi, smeigtis
smeigdavomės, smeigtis
smeigdavotės, smeigtis
smeigsiusi, smeigtis
smeigsisi, smeigtis
smeigsis, smeigtis
smeigsimės, smeigtis
smeigsitės, smeigtis
smeigčiausi, smeigtis
smeigtumeisi, smeigtis
smeigtųsi, smeigtis
smeigtu(mė)mės, smeigtis
smeigtu(mė)tės, smeigtis
šmeižtis, šmeižtis
šmeižiuosi, šmeižtis
šmeižiesi, šmeižtis
šmeižiasi, šmeižtis
šmeižiamės, šmeižtis
šmeižiatės, šmeižtis
šmeižks, šmeižtis
šmeižkitės, šmeižtis
šmeižkimės, šmeižtis
šmeižiausi, šmeižtis
šmeižeisi, šmeižtis
šmeižėsi, šmeižtis
šmeižėmės, šmeižtis
šmeižėtės, šmeižtis
šmeiždavausi, šmeižtis
šmeiždavaisi, šmeižtis
šmeiždavosi, šmeižtis
šmeiždavomės, šmeižtis
šmeiždavotės, šmeižtis
šmeižšiusi, šmeižtis
šmeižšisi, šmeižtis
šmeižšis, šmeižtis
šmeižšimės, šmeižtis
šmeižšitės, šmeižtis
šmeižčiausi, šmeižtis
šmeižtumeisi, šmeižtis
šmeižtųsi, šmeižtis
šmeižtu(mė)mės, šmeižtis
šmeižtu(mė)tės, šmeižtis
smerktis, smerktis
smerkiuosi, smerktis
smerkiesi, smerktis
smerkiasi, smerktis
smerkiamės, smerktis
smerkiatės, smerktis
smerks, smerktis
smerkitės, smerktis
smerkimės, smerktis
smerkiausi, smerktis
smerkeisi, smerktis
smerkėsi, smerktis
smerkėmės, smerktis
smerkėtės, smerktis
smerkdavausi, smerktis
smerkdavaisi, smerktis
smerkdavosi, smerktis
smerkdavomės, smerktis
smerkdavotės, smerktis
smerksiusi, smerktis
smerksisi, smerktis
smerksis, smerktis
smerksimės, smerktis
smerksitės, smerktis
smerkčiausi, smerktis
smerktumeisi, smerktis
smerktųsi, smerktis
smerktu(mė)mės, smerktis
smerktu(mė)tės, smerktis
smigtis, smigtis
sminguosi, smigtis
smingiesi, smigtis
smingasi, smigtis
smingamės, smigtis
smingatės, smigtis
smiks, smigtis
smikitės, smigtis
smikimės, smigtis
smigausi, smigtis
smigaisi, smigtis
smigosi, smigtis
smigomės, smigtis
smigotės, smigtis
smigdavausi, smigtis
smigdavaisi, smigtis
smigdavosi, smigtis
smigdavomės, smigtis
smigdavotės, smigtis
smigsiusi, smigtis
smigsisi, smigtis
smigsis, smigtis
smigsimės, smigtis
smigsitės, smigtis
smigčiausi, smigtis
smigtumeisi, smigtis
smigtųsi, smigtis
smigtu(mė)mės, smigtis
smigtu(mė)tės, smigtis
smirdėtis, smirdėtis
smirdžiusi, smirdėtis
smirdisi, smirdėtis
smirdisi, smirdėtis
smirdimės, smirdėtis
smirditės, smirdėtis
smirdėks, smirdėtis
smirdėkitės, smirdėtis
smirdėkimės, smirdėtis
smirdėjausi, smirdėtis
smirdėjaisi, smirdėtis
smirdėjosi, smirdėtis
smirdėjomės, smirdėtis
smirdėjotės, smirdėtis
smirdėdavausi, smirdėtis
smirdėdavaisi, smirdėtis
smirdėdavosi, smirdėtis
smirdėdavomės, smirdėtis
smirdėdavotės, smirdėtis
smirdėsiusi, smirdėtis
smirdėsisi, smirdėtis
smirdėsis, smirdėtis
smirdėsimės, smirdėtis
smirdėsitės, smirdėtis
smirdėčiausi, smirdėtis
smirdėtumeisi, smirdėtis
smirdėtųsi, smirdėtis
smirdėtu(mė)mės, smirdėtis
smirdėtu(mė)tės, smirdėtis
smogtis, smogtis
smogiuosi, smogtis
smogiesi, smogtis
smogiasi, smogtis
smogiamės, smogtis
smogiatės, smogtis
smoks, smogtis
smokitės, smogtis
smokimės, smogtis
smogiausi, smogtis
smogeisi, smogtis
smogėsi, smogtis
smogėmės, smogtis
smogėtės, smogtis
smogdavausi, smogtis
smogdavaisi, smogtis
smogdavosi, smogtis
smogdavomės, smogtis
smogdavotės, smogtis
smogsiusi, smogtis
smogsisi, smogtis
smogsis, smogtis
smogsimės, smogtis
smogsitės, smogtis
smogčiausi, smogtis
smogtumeisi, smogtis
smogtųsi, smogtis
smogtu(mė)mės, smogtis
smogtu(mė)tės, smogtis
smūgiuotis, smūgiuotis
smūgiuojuosi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuojiesi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuojasi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuojamės, smūgiuotis
smūgiuojatės, smūgiuotis
smūgiuoks, smūgiuotis
smūgiuokitės, smūgiuotis
smūgiuokimės, smūgiuotis
smūgiavausi, smūgiuotis
smūgiavaisi, smūgiuotis
smūgiavosi, smūgiuotis
smūgiavomės, smūgiuotis
smūgiavotės, smūgiuotis
smūgiuodavausi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuodavaisi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuodavosi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuodavomės, smūgiuotis
smūgiuodavotės, smūgiuotis
smūgiuosiusi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuosisi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuosis, smūgiuotis
smūgiuosimės, smūgiuotis
smūgiuositės, smūgiuotis
smūgiuočiausi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuotumeisi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuotųsi, smūgiuotis
smūgiuotu(mė)mės, smūgiuotis
smūgiuotu(mė)tės, smūgiuotis
smukdytis, smukdytis
smukdžausi, smukdytis
smukdaisi, smukdytis
smukdosi, smukdytis
smukdomės, smukdytis
smukdotės, smukdytis
smukdyks, smukdytis
smukdykitės, smukdytis
smukdykimės, smukdytis
smukdeisi, smukdytis
smukdėsi, smukdytis
smukdėmės, smukdytis
smukdėtės, smukdytis
smukdydavausi, smukdytis
smukdydavaisi, smukdytis
smukdydavosi, smukdytis
smukdydavomės, smukdytis
smukdydavotės, smukdytis
smukdysiusi, smukdytis
smukdysisi, smukdytis
smukdysis, smukdytis
smukdysimės, smukdytis
smukdysitės, smukdytis
smukdyčiausi, smukdytis
smukdytumeisi, smukdytis
smukdytųsi, smukdytis
smukdytu(mė)mės, smukdytis
smukdytu(mė)tės, smukdytis
smuktis, smuktis
smunkuosi, smuktis
smunkiesi, smuktis
smunkasi, smuktis
smunkamės, smuktis
smunkatės, smuktis
smuks, smuktis
smukitės, smuktis
smukimės, smuktis
smukausi, smuktis
smukaisi, smuktis
smukosi, smuktis
smukomės, smuktis
smukotės, smuktis
smukdavausi, smuktis
smukdavaisi, smuktis
smukdavosi, smuktis
smukdavomės, smuktis
smukdavotės, smuktis
smuksiusi, smuktis
smuksisi, smuktis
smuksis, smuktis
smuksimės, smuktis
smuksitės, smuktis
smukčiausi, smuktis
smuktumeisi, smuktis
smuktųsi, smuktis
smuktu(mė)mės, smuktis
smuktu(mė)tės, smuktis
smulkintis, smulkintis
smulkinuosi, smulkintis
smulkiniesi, smulkintis
smulkinasi, smulkintis
smulkinamės, smulkintis
smulkinatės, smulkintis
smulkinks, smulkintis
smulkinkitės, smulkintis
smulkinkimės, smulkintis
smulkinausi, smulkintis
smulkinaisi, smulkintis
smulkinosi, smulkintis
smulkinomės, smulkintis
smulkinotės, smulkintis
smulkindavausi, smulkintis
smulkindavaisi, smulkintis
smulkindavosi, smulkintis
smulkindavomės, smulkintis
smulkindavotės, smulkintis
smulkinsiusi, smulkintis
smulkinsisi, smulkintis
smulkinsis, smulkintis
smulkinsimės, smulkintis
smulkinsitės, smulkintis
smulkinčiausi, smulkintis
smulkintumeisi, smulkintis
smulkintųsi, smulkintis
smulkintu(mė)mės, smulkintis
smulkintu(mė)tės, smulkintis
šnabždėtis, šnabždėtis
šnabždžuosi, šnabždėtis
šnabždiesi, šnabždėtis
šnabždasi, šnabždėtis
šnabždamės, šnabždėtis
šnabždatės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėks, šnabždėtis
šnabždėkitės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėkimės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėjausi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėjaisi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėjosi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėjomės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėjotės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėdavausi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėdavaisi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėdavosi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėdavomės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėdavotės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėsiusi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėsisi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėsis, šnabždėtis
šnabždėsimės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėsitės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėčiausi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėtumeisi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėtųsi, šnabždėtis
šnabždėtu(mė)mės, šnabždėtis
šnabždėtu(mė)tės, šnabždėtis
snaustis, snaustis
snaudžiuosi, snaustis
snaudžiesi, snaustis
snaudžiasi, snaustis
snaudžiamės, snaustis
snaudžiatės, snaustis
snausks, snaustis
snauskitės, snaustis
snauskimės, snaustis
snaudeisi, snaustis
snaudėsi, snaustis
snaudėmės, snaustis
snaudėtės, snaustis
snausdavausi, snaustis
snausdavaisi, snaustis
snausdavosi, snaustis
snausdavomės, snaustis
snausdavotės, snaustis
snausiusi, snaustis
snausisi, snaustis
snausis, snaustis
snausimės, snaustis
snausitės, snaustis
snausčiausi, snaustis
snaustumeisi, snaustis
snaustųsi, snaustis
snaustu(mė)mės, snaustis
snaustu(mė)tės, snaustis
šnekėtis, šnekėtis
šnekuosi, šnekėtis
šnekiesi, šnekėtis
šnekasi, šnekėtis
šnekamės, šnekėtis
šnekatės, šnekėtis
šnekėks, šnekėtis
šnekėkitės, šnekėtis
šnekėkimės, šnekėtis
šnekėjausi, šnekėtis
šnekėjaisi, šnekėtis
šnekėjosi, šnekėtis
šnekėjomės, šnekėtis
šnekėjotės, šnekėtis
šnekėdavausi, šnekėtis
šnekėdavaisi, šnekėtis
šnekėdavosi, šnekėtis
šnekėdavomės, šnekėtis
šnekėdavotės, šnekėtis
šnekėsiusi, šnekėtis
šnekėsisi, šnekėtis
šnekėsis, šnekėtis
šnekėsimės, šnekėtis
šnekėsitės, šnekėtis
šnekėčiausi, šnekėtis
šnekėtumeisi, šnekėtis
šnekėtųsi, šnekėtis
šnekėtu(mė)mės, šnekėtis
šnekėtu(mė)tės, šnekėtis
šnekintis, šnekintis
šnekinuosi, šnekintis
šnekiniesi, šnekintis
šnekinasi, šnekintis
šnekinamės, šnekintis
šnekinatės, šnekintis
šnekinks, šnekintis
šnekinkitės, šnekintis
šnekinkimės, šnekintis
šnekinausi, šnekintis
šnekinaisi, šnekintis
šnekinosi, šnekintis
šnekinomės, šnekintis
šnekinotės, šnekintis
šnekindavausi, šnekintis
šnekindavaisi, šnekintis
šnekindavosi, šnekintis
šnekindavomės, šnekintis
šnekindavotės, šnekintis
šnekinsiusi, šnekintis
šnekinsisi, šnekintis
šnekinsis, šnekintis
šnekinsimės, šnekintis
šnekinsitės, šnekintis
šnekinčiausi, šnekintis
šnekintumeisi, šnekintis
šnekintųsi, šnekintis
šnekintu(mė)mės, šnekintis
šnekintu(mė)tės, šnekintis
šnektelėtis, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjuosi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjiesi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjasi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjamės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjatės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėks, šnektelėtis
šnektelėkitės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėkimės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjausi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjaisi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjosi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjomės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėjotės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėdavausi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėdavaisi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėdavosi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėdavomės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėdavotės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėsiusi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėsisi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėsis, šnektelėtis
šnektelėsimės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėsitės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėčiausi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėtumeisi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėtųsi, šnektelėtis
šnektelėtu(mė)mės, šnektelėtis
šnektelėtu(mė)tės, šnektelėtis
šnekteltis, šnekteltis
šnekteliusi, šnekteltis
šnektelisi, šnekteltis
šnektelisi, šnekteltis
šnektelimės, šnekteltis
šnektelitės, šnekteltis
šnektelks, šnekteltis
šnektelkitės, šnekteltis
šnektelkimės, šnekteltis
šnektelėjausi, šnekteltis
šnektelėjaisi, šnekteltis
šnektelėjosi, šnekteltis
šnektelėjomės, šnekteltis
šnektelėjotės, šnekteltis
šnekteldavausi, šnekteltis
šnekteldavaisi, šnekteltis
šnekteldavosi, šnekteltis
šnekteldavomės, šnekteltis
šnekteldavotės, šnekteltis
šnektelsiusi, šnekteltis
šnektelsisi, šnekteltis
šnektelsis, šnekteltis
šnektelsimės, šnekteltis
šnektelsitės, šnekteltis
šnektelčiausi, šnekteltis
šnekteltumeisi, šnekteltis
šnekteltųsi, šnekteltis
šnekteltu(mė)mės, šnekteltis
šnekteltu(mė)tės, šnekteltis
snerkštis, snerkštis
šnerkščiuosi, snerkštis
šnerkščiesi, snerkštis
šnerkščiasi, snerkštis
šnerkščiamės, snerkštis
šnerkščiatės, snerkštis
snerkšks, snerkštis
snerkškitės, snerkštis
snerkškimės, snerkštis
šnirkšteisi, snerkštis
šnirkštėsi, snerkštis
šnirkštėmės, snerkštis
šnirkštėtės, snerkštis
snerkšdavausi, snerkštis
snerkšdavaisi, snerkštis
snerkšdavosi, snerkštis
snerkšdavomės, snerkštis
snerkšdavotės, snerkštis
snerkššiusi, snerkštis
snerkššisi, snerkštis
snerkššis, snerkštis
snerkššimės, snerkštis
snerkššitės, snerkštis
snerkščiausi, snerkštis
snerkštumeisi, snerkštis
snerkštųsi, snerkštis
snerkštu(mė)mės, snerkštis
snerkštu(mė)tės, snerkštis
šnerpštis, šnerpštis
šnerpščiuosi, šnerpštis
šnerpščiesi, šnerpštis
šnerpščiasi, šnerpštis
šnerpščiamės, šnerpštis
šnerpščiatės, šnerpštis
šnerpšks, šnerpštis
šnerpškitės, šnerpštis
šnerpškimės, šnerpštis
šnirpšteisi, šnerpštis
šnirpštėsi, šnerpštis
šnirpštėmės, šnerpštis
šnirpštėtės, šnerpštis
šnerpšdavausi, šnerpštis
šnerpšdavaisi, šnerpštis
šnerpšdavosi, šnerpštis
šnerpšdavomės, šnerpštis
šnerpšdavotės, šnerpštis
šnerpššiusi, šnerpštis
šnerpššisi, šnerpštis
šnerpššis, šnerpštis
šnerpššimės, šnerpštis
šnerpššitės, šnerpštis
šnerpščiausi, šnerpštis
šnerpštumeisi, šnerpštis
šnerpštųsi, šnerpštis
šnerpštu(mė)mės, šnerpštis
šnerpštu(mė)tės, šnerpštis
šnibždėtis, šnibždėtis
šnibždžuosi, šnibždėtis
šnibždiesi, šnibždėtis
šnibždasi, šnibždėtis
šnibždamės, šnibždėtis
šnibždatės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėks, šnibždėtis
šnibždėkitės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėkimės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėjausi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėjaisi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėjosi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėjomės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėjotės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėdavausi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėdavaisi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėdavosi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėdavomės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėdavotės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėsiusi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėsisi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėsis, šnibždėtis
šnibždėsimės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėsitės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėčiausi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėtumeisi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėtųsi, šnibždėtis
šnibždėtu(mė)mės, šnibždėtis
šnibždėtu(mė)tės, šnibždėtis
snieguotis, snieguotis
snieguojuosi, snieguotis
snieguojiesi, snieguotis
snieguojasi, snieguotis
snieguojamės, snieguotis
snieguojatės, snieguotis
snieguoks, snieguotis
snieguokitės, snieguotis
snieguokimės, snieguotis
sniegavausi, snieguotis
sniegavaisi, snieguotis
sniegavosi, snieguotis
sniegavomės, snieguotis
sniegavotės, snieguotis
snieguodavausi, snieguotis
snieguodavaisi, snieguotis
snieguodavosi, snieguotis
snieguodavomės, snieguotis
snieguodavotės, snieguotis
snieguosiusi, snieguotis
snieguosisi, snieguotis
snieguosis, snieguotis
snieguosimės, snieguotis
snieguositės, snieguotis
snieguočiausi, snieguotis
snieguotumeisi, snieguotis
snieguotųsi, snieguotis
snieguotu(mė)mės, snieguotis
snieguotu(mė)tės, snieguotis
snigtis, snigtis
sninguosi, snigtis
sningiesi, snigtis
sningasi, snigtis
sningamės, snigtis
sningatės, snigtis
sniks, snigtis
snikitės, snigtis
snikimės, snigtis
snigausi, snigtis
snigaisi, snigtis
snigosi, snigtis
snigomės, snigtis
snigotės, snigtis
snigdavausi, snigtis
snigdavaisi, snigtis
snigdavosi, snigtis
snigdavomės, snigtis
snigdavotės, snigtis
snigsiusi, snigtis
snigsisi, snigtis
snigsis, snigtis
snigsimės, snigtis
snigsitės, snigtis
snigčiausi, snigtis
snigtumeisi, snigtis
snigtųsi, snigtis
snigtu(mė)mės, snigtis
snigtu(mė)tės, snigtis
šniokštis, šniokštis
šniokščiuosi, šniokštis
šniokščiesi, šniokštis
šniokščiasi, šniokštis
šniokščiamės, šniokštis
šniokščiatės, šniokštis
šniokšks, šniokštis
šniokškitės, šniokštis
šniokškimės, šniokštis
šniokšteisi, šniokštis
šniokštėsi, šniokštis
šniokštėmės, šniokštis
šniokštėtės, šniokštis
šniokšdavausi, šniokštis
šniokšdavaisi, šniokštis
šniokšdavosi, šniokštis
šniokšdavomės, šniokštis
šniokšdavotės, šniokštis
šniokššiusi, šniokštis
šniokššisi, šniokštis
šniokššis, šniokštis
šniokššimės, šniokštis
šniokššitės, šniokštis
šniokščiausi, šniokštis
šniokštumeisi, šniokštis
šniokštųsi, šniokštis
šniokštu(mė)mės, šniokštis
šniokštu(mė)tės, šniokštis
šnipinėtis, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjuosi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjiesi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjasi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjamės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjatės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėks, šnipinėtis
šnipinėkitės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėkimės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjausi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjaisi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjosi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjomės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėjotės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėdavausi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėdavaisi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėdavosi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėdavomės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėdavotės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėsiusi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėsisi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėsis, šnipinėtis
šnipinėsimės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėsitės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėčiausi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėtumeisi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėtųsi, šnipinėtis
šnipinėtu(mė)mės, šnipinėtis
šnipinėtu(mė)tės, šnipinėtis
šniukštinėtis, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjuosi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjiesi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjasi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjamės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjatės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėks, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėkitės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėkimės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjausi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjaisi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjosi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjomės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštelėjotės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėdavausi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėdavaisi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėdavosi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėdavomės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėdavotės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėsiusi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėsisi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėsis, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėsimės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėsitės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėčiausi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėtumeisi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėtųsi, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėtu(mė)mės, šniukštinėtis
šniukštinėtu(mė)tės, šniukštinėtis
šniypštis, šniypštis
šnypščiuosi, šniypštis
šnypščiesi, šniypštis
šnypščiasi, šniypštis
šnypščiamės, šniypštis
šnypščiatės, šniypštis
šniypšks, šniypštis
šniypškitės, šniypštis
šniypškimės, šniypštis
šnypšteisi, šniypštis
šnypštėsi, šniypštis
šnypštėmės, šniypštis
šnypštėtės, šniypštis
šniypšdavausi, šniypštis
šniypšdavaisi, šniypštis
šniypšdavosi, šniypštis
šniypšdavomės, šniypštis
šniypšdavotės, šniypštis
šniypššiusi, šniypštis
šniypššisi, šniypštis
šniypššis, šniypštis
šniypššimės, šniypštis
šniypššitės, šniypštis
šniypščiausi, šniypštis
šniypštumeisi, šniypštis
šniypštųsi, šniypštis
šniypštu(mė)mės, šniypštis
šniypštu(mė)tės, šniypštis
šnypštis, šnypštis
šnypščiuosi, šnypštis
šnypščiesi, šnypštis
šnypščiasi, šnypštis
šnypščiamės, šnypštis
šnypščiatės, šnypštis
šnypšks, šnypštis
šnypškitės, šnypštis
šnypškimės, šnypštis
šnypšteisi, šnypštis
šnypštėsi, šnypštis
šnypštėmės, šnypštis
šnypštėtės, šnypštis
šnypšdavausi, šnypštis
šnypšdavaisi, šnypštis
šnypšdavosi, šnypštis
šnypšdavomės, šnypštis
šnypšdavotės, šnypštis
šnypššiusi, šnypštis
šnypššisi, šnypštis
šnypššis, šnypštis
šnypššimės, šnypštis
šnypššitės, šnypštis
šnypščiausi, šnypštis
šnypštumeisi, šnypštis
šnypštųsi, šnypštis
šnypštu(mė)mės, šnypštis
šnypštu(mė)tės, šnypštis
sodintis, sodintis
sodinuosi, sodintis
sodiniesi, sodintis
sodinasi, sodintis
sodinamės, sodintis
sodinatės, sodintis
sodinks, sodintis
sodinkitės, sodintis
sodinkimės, sodintis
sodinausi, sodintis
sodinaisi, sodintis
sodinosi, sodintis
sodinomės, sodintis
sodinotės, sodintis
sodindavausi, sodintis
sodindavaisi, sodintis
sodindavosi, sodintis
sodindavomės, sodintis
sodindavotės, sodintis
sodinsiusi, sodintis
sodinsisi, sodintis
sodinsis, sodintis
sodinsimės, sodintis
sodinsitės, sodintis
sodinčiausi, sodintis
sodintumeisi, sodintis
sodintųsi, sodintis
sodintu(mė)mės, sodintis
sodintu(mė)tės, sodintis
šokinėtis, šokinėtis
šokinėjuosi, šokinėtis
šokinėjiesi, šokinėtis
šokinėjasi, šokinėtis
šokinėjamės, šokinėtis
šokinėjatės, šokinėtis
šokinėks, šokinėtis
šokinėkitės, šokinėtis
šokinėkimės, šokinėtis
šokinėjausi, šokinėtis
šokinėjaisi, šokinėtis
šokinėjosi, šokinėtis
šokinėjomės, šokinėtis
šokinėjotės, šokinėtis
šokinėdavausi, šokinėtis
šokinėdavaisi, šokinėtis
šokinėdavosi, šokinėtis
šokinėdavomės, šokinėtis
šokinėdavotės, šokinėtis
šokinėsiusi, šokinėtis
šokinėsisi, šokinėtis
šokinėsis, šokinėtis
šokinėsimės, šokinėtis
šokinėsitės, šokinėtis
šokinėčiausi, šokinėtis
šokinėtumeisi, šokinėtis
šokinėtųsi, šokinėtis
šokinėtu(mė)mės, šokinėtis
šokinėtu(mė)tės, šokinėtis
šokiruotis, šokiruotis
šokiruojuosi, šokiruotis
šokiruojiesi, šokiruotis
šokiruojasi, šokiruotis
šokiruojamės, šokiruotis
šokiruojatės, šokiruotis
šokiruoks, šokiruotis
šokiruokitės, šokiruotis
šokiruokimės, šokiruotis
šokiravausi, šokiruotis
šokiravaisi, šokiruotis
šokiravosi, šokiruotis
šokiravomės, šokiruotis
šokiravotės, šokiruotis
šokiruodavausi, šokiruotis
šokiruodavaisi, šokiruotis
šokiruodavosi, šokiruotis
šokiruodavomės, šokiruotis
šokiruodavotės, šokiruotis
šokiruosiusi, šokiruotis
šokiruosisi, šokiruotis
šokiruosis, šokiruotis
šokiruosimės, šokiruotis
šokiruositės, šokiruotis
šokiruočiausi, šokiruotis
šokiruotumeisi, šokiruotis
šokiruotųsi, šokiruotis
šokiruotu(mė)mės, šokiruotis
šokiruotu(mė)tės, šokiruotis
šoktis, šoktis
šokuosi, šoktis
šokiesi, šoktis
šokasi, šoktis
šokamės, šoktis
šokatės, šoktis
šoks, šoktis
šokitės, šoktis
šokimės, šoktis
šokausi, šoktis
šokaisi, šoktis
šokosi, šoktis
šokomės, šoktis
šokotės, šoktis
šokdavausi, šoktis
šokdavaisi, šoktis
šokdavosi, šoktis
šokdavomės, šoktis
šokdavotės, šoktis
šoksiusi, šoktis
šoksisi, šoktis
šoksis, šoktis
šoksimės, šoktis
šoksitės, šoktis
šokčiausi, šoktis
šoktumeisi, šoktis
šoktųsi, šoktis
šoktu(mė)mės, šoktis
šoktu(mė)tės, šoktis
šokuotis, šokuotis
šokuojuosi, šokuotis
šokuojiesi, šokuotis
šokuojasi, šokuotis
šokuojamės, šokuotis
šokuojatės, šokuotis
šokuoks, šokuotis
šokuokitės, šokuotis
šokuokimės, šokuotis
šokavausi, šokuotis
šokavaisi, šokuotis
šokavosi, šokuotis
šokavomės, šokuotis
šokavotės, šokuotis
šokuodavausi, šokuotis
šokuodavaisi, šokuotis
šokuodavosi, šokuotis
šokuodavomės, šokuotis
šokuodavotės, šokuotis
šokuosiusi, šokuotis
šokuosisi, šokuotis
šokuosis, šokuotis
šokuosimės, šokuotis
šokuositės, šokuotis
šokuočiausi, šokuotis
šokuotumeisi, šokuotis
šokuotųsi, šokuotis
šokuotu(mė)mės, šokuotis
šokuotu(mė)tės, šokuotis
sotintis, sotintis
sotinuosi, sotintis
sotiniesi, sotintis
sotinasi, sotintis
sotinamės, sotintis
sotinatės, sotintis
sotinks, sotintis
sotinkitės, sotintis
sotinkimės, sotintis
sotinausi, sotintis
sotinaisi, sotintis
sotinosi, sotintis
sotinomės, sotintis
sotinotės, sotintis
sotindavausi, sotintis
sotindavaisi, sotintis
sotindavosi, sotintis
sotindavomės, sotintis
sotindavotės, sotintis
sotinsiusi, sotintis
sotinsisi, sotintis
sotinsis, sotintis
sotinsimės, sotintis
sotinsitės, sotintis
sotinčiausi, sotintis
sotintumeisi, sotintis
sotintųsi, sotintis
sotintu(mė)mės, sotintis
sotintu(mė)tės, sotintis
spėliotis, spėliotis
spėliojuosi, spėliotis
spėliojiesi, spėliotis
spėliojasi, spėliotis
spėliojamės, spėliotis
spėliojatės, spėliotis
spėlioks, spėliotis
spėliokitės, spėliotis
spėliokimės, spėliotis
spėliojausi, spėliotis
spėliojaisi, spėliotis
spėliojosi, spėliotis
spėliojomės, spėliotis
spėliojotės, spėliotis
spėliodavausi, spėliotis
spėliodavaisi, spėliotis
spėliodavosi, spėliotis
spėliodavomės, spėliotis
spėliodavotės, spėliotis
spėliosiusi, spėliotis
spėliosisi, spėliotis
spėliosis, spėliotis
spėliosimės, spėliotis
spėliositės, spėliotis
spėliočiausi, spėliotis
spėliotumeisi, spėliotis
spėliotųsi, spėliotis
spėliotu(mė)mės, spėliotis
spėliotu(mė)tės, spėliotis
spęstis, spęstis
spendžiuosi, spęstis
spendžiesi, spęstis
spendžiasi, spęstis
spendžiamės, spęstis
spendžiatės, spęstis
spęsks, spęstis
spęskitės, spęstis
spęskimės, spęstis
spendeisi, spęstis
spendėsi, spęstis
spendėmės, spęstis
spendėtės, spęstis
spęsdavausi, spęstis
spęsdavaisi, spęstis
spęsdavosi, spęstis
spęsdavomės, spęstis
spęsdavotės, spęstis
spęsiusi, spęstis
spęsisi, spęstis
spęsis, spęstis
spęsimės, spęstis
spęsitės, spęstis
spęsčiausi, spęstis
spęstumeisi, spęstis
spęstųsi, spęstis
spęstu(mė)mės, spęstis
spęstu(mė)tės, spęstis
spėtis, spėtis
spėjuosi, spėtis
spėjiesi, spėtis
spėjasi, spėtis
spėjamės, spėtis
spėjatės, spėtis
spėks, spėtis
spėkitės, spėtis
spėkimės, spėtis
spėjausi, spėtis
spėjaisi, spėtis
spėjosi, spėtis
spėjomės, spėtis
spėjotės, spėtis
spėdavausi, spėtis
spėdavaisi, spėtis
spėdavosi, spėtis
spėdavomės, spėtis
spėdavotės, spėtis
spėsiusi, spėtis
spėsisi, spėtis
spėsis, spėtis
spėsimės, spėtis
spėsitės, spėtis
spėčiausi, spėtis
spėtumeisi, spėtis
spėtųsi, spėtis
spėtu(mė)mės, spėtis
spėtu(mė)tės, spėtis
spiegtis, spiegtis
spiegiuosi, spiegtis
spiegiesi, spiegtis
spiegiasi, spiegtis
spiegiamės, spiegtis
spiegiatės, spiegtis
spieks, spiegtis
spiekitės, spiegtis
spiekimės, spiegtis
spiegiausi, spiegtis
spiegeisi, spiegtis
spiegėsi, spiegtis
spiegėmės, spiegtis
spiegėtės, spiegtis
spiegdavausi, spiegtis
spiegdavaisi, spiegtis
spiegdavosi, spiegtis
spiegdavomės, spiegtis
spiegdavotės, spiegtis
spiegsiusi, spiegtis
spiegsisi, spiegtis
spiegsis, spiegtis
spiegsimės, spiegtis
spiegsitės, spiegtis
spiegčiausi, spiegtis
spiegtumeisi, spiegtis
spiegtųsi, spiegtis
spiegtu(mė)mės, spiegtis
spiegtu(mė)tės, spiegtis
spindėtis, spindėtis
spindžiusi, spindėtis
spindisi, spindėtis
spindisi, spindėtis
spindimės, spindėtis
spinditės, spindėtis
spindėks, spindėtis
spindėkitės, spindėtis
spindėkimės, spindėtis
spindėjausi, spindėtis
spindėjaisi, spindėtis
spindėjosi, spindėtis
spindėjomės, spindėtis
spindėjotės, spindėtis
spindėdavausi, spindėtis
spindėdavaisi, spindėtis
spindėdavosi, spindėtis
spindėdavomės, spindėtis
spindėdavotės, spindėtis
spindėsiusi, spindėtis
spindėsisi, spindėtis
spindėsis, spindėtis
spindėsimės, spindėtis
spindėsitės, spindėtis
spindėčiausi, spindėtis
spindėtumeisi, spindėtis
spindėtųsi, spindėtis
spindėtu(mė)mės, spindėtis
spindėtu(mė)tės, spindėtis
spinduliuotis, spinduliuotis
spinduliuojuosi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuojiesi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuojasi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuojamės, spinduliuotis
spinduliuojatės, spinduliuotis
spinduliuoks, spinduliuotis
spinduliuokitės, spinduliuotis
spinduliuokimės, spinduliuotis
spinduliavausi, spinduliuotis
spinduliavaisi, spinduliuotis
spinduliavosi, spinduliuotis
spinduliavomės, spinduliuotis
spinduliavotės, spinduliuotis
spinduliuodavausi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuodavaisi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuodavosi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuodavomės, spinduliuotis
spinduliuodavotės, spinduliuotis
spinduliuosiusi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuosisi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuosis, spinduliuotis
spinduliuosimės, spinduliuotis
spinduliuositės, spinduliuotis
spinduliuočiausi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuotumeisi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuotųsi, spinduliuotis
spinduliuotu(mė)mės, spinduliuotis
spinduliuotu(mė)tės, spinduliuotis
spirtis, spirtis
spiriuosi, spirtis
spiriesi, spirtis
spiriasi, spirtis
spiriamės, spirtis
spiriatės, spirtis
spirks, spirtis
spirkitės, spirtis
spirkimės, spirtis
spyriausi, spirtis
spyreisi, spirtis
spyrėsi, spirtis
spyrėmės, spirtis
spyrėtės, spirtis
spirdavausi, spirtis
spirdavaisi, spirtis
spirdavosi, spirtis
spirdavomės, spirtis
spirdavotės, spirtis
spirsiusi, spirtis
spirsisi, spirtis
spirsis, spirtis
spirsimės, spirtis
spirsitės, spirtis
spirčiausi, spirtis
spirtumeisi, spirtis
spirtųsi, spirtis
spirtu(mė)mės, spirtis
spirtu(mė)tės, spirtis
spistis, spistis
spintuosi, spistis
spintiesi, spistis
spintasi, spistis
spintamės, spistis
spintatės, spistis
spisks, spistis
spiskitės, spistis
spiskimės, spistis
spitausi, spistis
spitaisi, spistis
spitosi, spistis
spitomės, spistis
spitotės, spistis
spisdavausi, spistis
spisdavaisi, spistis
spisdavosi, spistis
spisdavomės, spistis
spisdavotės, spistis
spisiusi, spistis
spisisi, spistis
spisis, spistis
spisimės, spistis
spisitės, spistis
spisčiausi, spistis
spistumeisi, spistis
spistųsi, spistis
spistu(mė)mės, spistis
spistu(mė)tės, spistis
spjautis, spjautis
spjaunuosi, spjautis
spjauniesi, spjautis
spjaunasi, spjautis
spjaunamės, spjautis
spjaunatės, spjautis
spjauks, spjautis
spjaukitės, spjautis
spjaukimės, spjautis
spjoviausi, spjautis
spjoveisi, spjautis
spjovėsi, spjautis
spjovėmės, spjautis
spjovėtės, spjautis
spjaudavausi, spjautis
spjaudavaisi, spjautis
spjaudavosi, spjautis
spjaudavomės, spjautis
spjaudavotės, spjautis
spjausiusi, spjautis
spjausisi, spjautis
spjausis, spjautis
spjausimės, spjautis
spjausitės, spjautis
spjaučiausi, spjautis
spjautumeisi, spjautis
spjautųsi, spjautis
spjautu(mė)mės, spjautis
spjautu(mė)tės, spjautis
spoksotis, spoksotis
spoksausi, spoksotis
spoksaisi, spoksotis
spoksosi, spoksotis
spoksomės, spoksotis
spoksotės, spoksotis
spoksoks, spoksotis
spoksokitės, spoksotis
spoksokimės, spoksotis
spoksojausi, spoksotis
spoksojaisi, spoksotis
spoksojosi, spoksotis
spoksojomės, spoksotis
spoksojotės, spoksotis
spoksodavausi, spoksotis
spoksodavaisi, spoksotis
spoksodavosi, spoksotis
spoksodavomės, spoksotis
spoksodavotės, spoksotis
spoksosiusi, spoksotis
spoksosisi, spoksotis
spoksosis, spoksotis
spoksosimės, spoksotis
spoksositės, spoksotis
spoksočiausi, spoksotis
spoksotumeisi, spoksotis
spoksotųsi, spoksotis
spoksotu(mė)mės, spoksotis
spoksotu(mė)tės, spoksotis
sportuotis, sportuotis
sportuojuosi, sportuotis
sportuojiesi, sportuotis
sportuojasi, sportuotis
sportuojamės, sportuotis
sportuojatės, sportuotis
sportuoks, sportuotis
sportuokitės, sportuotis
sportuokimės, sportuotis
sportavausi, sportuotis
sportavaisi, sportuotis
sportavosi, sportuotis
sportavomės, sportuotis
sportavotės, sportuotis
sportuodavausi, sportuotis
sportuodavaisi, sportuotis
sportuodavosi, sportuotis
sportuodavomės, sportuotis
sportuodavotės, sportuotis
sportuosiusi, sportuotis
sportuosisi, sportuotis
sportuosis, sportuotis
sportuosimės, sportuotis
sportuositės, sportuotis
sportuočiausi, sportuotis
sportuotumeisi, sportuotis
sportuotųsi, sportuotis
sportuotu(mė)mės, sportuotis
sportuotu(mė)tės, sportuotis
spręstis, spręstis
sprendžiuosi, spręstis
sprendžiesi, spręstis
sprendžiasi, spręstis
sprendžiamės, spręstis
sprendžiatės, spręstis
spręsks, spręstis
spręskitės, spręstis
spręskimės, spręstis
sprendeisi, spręstis
sprendėsi, spręstis
sprendėmės, spręstis
sprendėtės, spręstis
spręsdavausi, spręstis
spręsdavaisi, spręstis
spręsdavosi, spręstis
spręsdavomės, spręstis
spręsdavotės, spręstis
spręsiusi, spręstis
spręsisi, spręstis
spręsis, spręstis
spręsimės, spręstis
spręsitės, spręstis
spręsčiausi, spręstis
spręstumeisi, spręstis
spręstųsi, spręstis
spręstu(mė)mės, spręstis
spręstu(mė)tės, spręstis
sprogdintis, sprogdintis
sprogdinuosi, sprogdintis
sprogdiniesi, sprogdintis
sprogdinasi, sprogdintis
sprogdinamės, sprogdintis
sprogdinatės, sprogdintis
sprogdinks, sprogdintis
sprogdinkitės, sprogdintis
sprogdinkimės, sprogdintis
sprogdinausi, sprogdintis
sprogdinaisi, sprogdintis
sprogdinosi, sprogdintis
sprogdinomės, sprogdintis
sprogdinotės, sprogdintis
sprogdindavausi, sprogdintis
sprogdindavaisi, sprogdintis
sprogdindavosi, sprogdintis
sprogdindavomės, sprogdintis
sprogdindavotės, sprogdintis
sprogdinsiusi, sprogdintis
sprogdinsisi, sprogdintis
sprogdinsis, sprogdintis
sprogdinsimės, sprogdintis
sprogdinsitės, sprogdintis
sprogdinčiausi, sprogdintis
sprogdintumeisi, sprogdintis
sprogdintųsi, sprogdintis
sprogdintu(mė)mės, sprogdintis
sprogdintu(mė)tės, sprogdintis
sprogtis, sprogtis
sprogstuosi, sprogtis
sprogstiesi, sprogtis
sprogstasi, sprogtis
sprogstamės, sprogtis
sprogstatės, sprogtis
sproks, sprogtis
sprokitės, sprogtis
sprokimės, sprogtis
sprogausi, sprogtis
sprogaisi, sprogtis
sprogosi, sprogtis
sprogomės, sprogtis
sprogotės, sprogtis
sprogdavausi, sprogtis
sprogdavaisi, sprogtis
sprogdavosi, sprogtis
sprogdavomės, sprogtis
sprogdavotės, sprogtis
sprogsiusi, sprogtis
sprogsisi, sprogtis
sprogsis, sprogtis
sprogsimės, sprogtis
sprogsitės, sprogtis
sprogčiausi, sprogtis
sprogtumeisi, sprogtis
sprogtųsi, sprogtis
sprogtu(mė)mės, sprogtis
sprogtu(mė)tės, sprogtis
spruktis, spruktis
sprunkuosi, spruktis
sprunkiesi, spruktis
sprunkasi, spruktis
sprunkamės, spruktis
sprunkatės, spruktis
spruks, spruktis
sprukitės, spruktis
sprukimės, spruktis
sprukausi, spruktis
sprukaisi, spruktis
sprukosi, spruktis
sprukomės, spruktis
sprukotės, spruktis
sprukdavausi, spruktis
sprukdavaisi, spruktis
sprukdavosi, spruktis
sprukdavomės, spruktis
sprukdavotės, spruktis
spruksiusi, spruktis
spruksisi, spruktis
spruksis, spruktis
spruksimės, spruktis
spruksitės, spruktis
sprukčiausi, spruktis
spruktumeisi, spruktis
spruktųsi, spruktis
spruktu(mė)mės, spruktis
spruktu(mė)tės, spruktis
spustelėtis, spustelėtis
spustelėjuosi, spustelėtis
spustelėjiesi, spustelėtis
spustelėjasi, spustelėtis
spustelėjamės, spustelėtis
spustelėjatės, spustelėtis
spustelėks, spustelėtis
spustelėkitės, spustelėtis
spustelėkimės, spustelėtis
spustelėjausi, spustelėtis
spustelėjaisi, spustelėtis
spustelėjosi, spustelėtis
spustelėjomės, spustelėtis
spustelėjotės, spustelėtis
spustelėdavausi, spustelėtis
spustelėdavaisi, spustelėtis
spustelėdavosi, spustelėtis
spustelėdavomės, spustelėtis
spustelėdavotės, spustelėtis
spustelėsiusi, spustelėtis
spustelėsisi, spustelėtis
spustelėsis, spustelėtis
spustelėsimės, spustelėtis
spustelėsitės, spustelėtis
spustelėčiausi, spustelėtis
spustelėtumeisi, spustelėtis
spustelėtųsi, spustelėtis
spustelėtu(mė)mės, spustelėtis
spustelėtu(mė)tės, spustelėtis
spygautis, spygautis
spygaujuosi, spygautis
spygaujiesi, spygautis
spygaujasi, spygautis
spygaujamės, spygautis
spygaujatės, spygautis
spygauks, spygautis
spygaukitės, spygautis
spygaukimės, spygautis
spygavausi, spygautis
spygavaisi, spygautis
spygavosi, spygautis
spygavomės, spygautis
spygavotės, spygautis
spygaudavausi, spygautis
spygaudavaisi, spygautis
spygaudavosi, spygautis
spygaudavomės, spygautis
spygaudavotės, spygautis
spygausiusi, spygautis
spygausisi, spygautis
spygausis, spygautis
spygausimės, spygautis
spygausitės, spygautis
spygaučiausi, spygautis
spygautumeisi, spygautis
spygautųsi, spygautis
spygautu(mė)mės, spygautis
spygautu(mė)tės, spygautis
srėbtis, srėbtis
srėbiuosi, srėbtis
srėbiesi, srėbtis
srėbiasi, srėbtis
srėbiamės, srėbtis
srėbiatės, srėbtis
srėbks, srėbtis
srėbkitės, srėbtis
srėbkimės, srėbtis
srėbiausi, srėbtis
srėbeisi, srėbtis
srėbėsi, srėbtis
srėbėmės, srėbtis
srėbėtės, srėbtis
srėbdavausi, srėbtis
srėbdavaisi, srėbtis
srėbdavosi, srėbtis
srėbdavomės, srėbtis
srėbdavotės, srėbtis
srėbsiusi, srėbtis
srėbsisi, srėbtis
srėbsis, srėbtis
srėbsimės, srėbtis
srėbsitės, srėbtis
srėbčiausi, srėbtis
srėbtumeisi, srėbtis
srėbtųsi, srėbtis
srėbtu(mė)mės, srėbtis
srėbtu(mė)tės, srėbtis
sriuobtis, sriuobtis
sriuobiuosi, sriuobtis
sriuobiesi, sriuobtis
sriuobiasi, sriuobtis
sriuobiamės, sriuobtis
sriuobiatės, sriuobtis
sriuobks, sriuobtis
sriuobkitės, sriuobtis
sriuobkimės, sriuobtis
sriuobiausi, sriuobtis
sriuobeisi, sriuobtis
sriuobėsi, sriuobtis
sriuobėmės, sriuobtis
sriuobėtės, sriuobtis
sriuobdavausi, sriuobtis
sriuobdavaisi, sriuobtis
sriuobdavosi, sriuobtis
sriuobdavomės, sriuobtis
sriuobdavotės, sriuobtis
sriuobsiusi, sriuobtis
sriuobsisi, sriuobtis
sriuobsis, sriuobtis
sriuobsimės, sriuobtis
sriuobsitės, sriuobtis
sriuobčiausi, sriuobtis
sriuobtumeisi, sriuobtis
sriuobtųsi, sriuobtis
sriuobtu(mė)mės, sriuobtis
sriuobtu(mė)tės, sriuobtis
stabdytis, stabdytis
stabdžausi, stabdytis
stabdaisi, stabdytis
stabdosi, stabdytis
stabdomės, stabdytis
stabdotės, stabdytis
stabdyks, stabdytis
stabdykitės, stabdytis
stabdykimės, stabdytis
stabdeisi, stabdytis
stabdėsi, stabdytis
stabdėmės, stabdytis
stabdėtės, stabdytis
stabdydavausi, stabdytis
stabdydavaisi, stabdytis
stabdydavosi, stabdytis
stabdydavomės, stabdytis
stabdydavotės, stabdytis
stabdysiusi, stabdytis
stabdysisi, stabdytis
stabdysis, stabdytis
stabdysimės, stabdytis
stabdysitės, stabdytis
stabdyčiausi, stabdytis
stabdytumeisi, stabdytis
stabdytųsi, stabdytis
stabdytu(mė)mės, stabdytis
stabdytu(mė)tės, stabdytis
stambėtis, stambėtis
stambėjuosi, stambėtis
stambėjiesi, stambėtis
stambėjasi, stambėtis
stambėjamės, stambėtis
stambėjatės, stambėtis
stambėks, stambėtis
stambėkitės, stambėtis
stambėkimės, stambėtis
stambėjausi, stambėtis
stambėjaisi, stambėtis
stambėjosi, stambėtis
stambėjomės, stambėtis
stambėjotės, stambėtis
stambėdavausi, stambėtis
stambėdavaisi, stambėtis
stambėdavosi, stambėtis
stambėdavomės, stambėtis
stambėdavotės, stambėtis
stambėsiusi, stambėtis
stambėsisi, stambėtis
stambėsis, stambėtis
stambėsimės, stambėtis
stambėsitės, stambėtis
stambėčiausi, stambėtis
stambėtumeisi, stambėtis
stambėtųsi, stambėtis
stambėtu(mė)mės, stambėtis
stambėtu(mė)tės, stambėtis
stambintis, stambintis
stambinuosi, stambintis
stambiniesi, stambintis
stambinasi, stambintis
stambinamės, stambintis
stambinatės, stambintis
stambinks, stambintis
stambinkitės, stambintis
stambinkimės, stambintis
stambinausi, stambintis
stambinaisi, stambintis
stambinosi, stambintis
stambinomės, stambintis
stambinotės, stambintis
stambindavausi, stambintis
stambindavaisi, stambintis
stambindavosi, stambintis
stambindavomės, stambintis
stambindavotės, stambintis
stambinsiusi, stambintis
stambinsisi, stambintis
stambinsis, stambintis
stambinsimės, stambintis
stambinsitės, stambintis
stambinčiausi, stambintis
stambintumeisi, stambintis
stambintųsi, stambintis
stambintu(mė)mės, stambintis
stambintu(mė)tės, stambintis
statytis, statytis
statausi, statytis
stataisi, statytis
statosi, statytis
statomės, statytis
statotės, statytis
statyks, statytis
statykitės, statytis
statykimės, statytis
stateisi, statytis
statėsi, statytis
statėmės, statytis
statėtės, statytis
statydavausi, statytis
statydavaisi, statytis
statydavosi, statytis
statydavomės, statytis
statydavotės, statytis
statysiusi, statytis
statysisi, statytis
statysis, statytis
statysimės, statytis
statysitės, statytis
statyčiausi, statytis
statytumeisi, statytis
statytųsi, statytis
statytu(mė)mės, statytis
statytu(mė)tės, statytis
staugtis, staugtis
staugiuosi, staugtis
staugiesi, staugtis
staugiasi, staugtis
staugiamės, staugtis
staugiatės, staugtis
stauks, staugtis
staukitės, staugtis
staukimės, staugtis
staugiausi, staugtis
staugeisi, staugtis
staugėsi, staugtis
staugėmės, staugtis
staugėtės, staugtis
staugdavausi, staugtis
staugdavaisi, staugtis
staugdavosi, staugtis
staugdavomės, staugtis
staugdavotės, staugtis
staugsiusi, staugtis
staugsisi, staugtis
staugsis, staugtis
staugsimės, staugtis
staugsitės, staugtis
staugčiausi, staugtis
staugtumeisi, staugtis
staugtųsi, staugtis
staugtu(mė)mės, staugtis
staugtu(mė)tės, staugtis
stebėtis, stebėtis
stebiusi, stebėtis
stebisi, stebėtis
stebisi, stebėtis
stebimės, stebėtis
stebitės, stebėtis
stebėks, stebėtis
stebėkitės, stebėtis
stebėkimės, stebėtis
stebėjausi, stebėtis
stebėjaisi, stebėtis
stebėjosi, stebėtis
stebėjomės, stebėtis
stebėjotės, stebėtis
stebėdavausi, stebėtis
stebėdavaisi, stebėtis
stebėdavosi, stebėtis
stebėdavomės, stebėtis
stebėdavotės, stebėtis
stebėsiusi, stebėtis
stebėsisi, stebėtis
stebėsis, stebėtis
stebėsimės, stebėtis
stebėsitės, stebėtis
stebėčiausi, stebėtis
stebėtumeisi, stebėtis
stebėtųsi, stebėtis
stebėtu(mė)mės, stebėtis
stebėtu(mė)tės, stebėtis
stebintis, stebintis
stebinuosi, stebintis
stebiniesi, stebintis
stebinasi, stebintis
stebinamės, stebintis
stebinatės, stebintis
stebinks, stebintis
stebinkitės, stebintis
stebinkimės, stebintis
stebinausi, stebintis
stebinaisi, stebintis
stebinosi, stebintis
stebinomės, stebintis
stebinotės, stebintis
stebindavausi, stebintis
stebindavaisi, stebintis
stebindavosi, stebintis
stebindavomės, stebintis
stebindavotės, stebintis
stebinsiusi, stebintis
stebinsisi, stebintis
stebinsis, stebintis
stebinsimės, stebintis
stebinsitės, stebintis
stebinčiausi, stebintis
stebintumeisi, stebintis
stebintųsi, stebintis
stebintu(mė)mės, stebintis
stebintu(mė)tės, stebintis
steigtis, steigtis
steigiuosi, steigtis
steigiesi, steigtis
steigiasi, steigtis
steigiamės, steigtis
steigiatės, steigtis
steiks, steigtis
steikitės, steigtis
steikimės, steigtis
steigiausi, steigtis
steigeisi, steigtis
steigėsi, steigtis
steigėmės, steigtis
steigėtės, steigtis
steigdavausi, steigtis
steigdavaisi, steigtis
steigdavosi, steigtis
steigdavomės, steigtis
steigdavotės, steigtis
steigsiusi, steigtis
steigsisi, steigtis
steigsis, steigtis
steigsimės, steigtis
steigsitės, steigtis
steigčiausi, steigtis
steigtumeisi, steigtis
steigtųsi, steigtis
steigtu(mė)mės, steigtis
steigtu(mė)tės, steigtis
stigtis, stigtis
stinguosi, stigtis
stingiesi, stigtis
stingasi, stigtis
stingamės, stigtis
stingatės, stigtis
stiks, stigtis
stikitės, stigtis
stikimės, stigtis
stigausi, stigtis
stigaisi, stigtis
stigosi, stigtis
stigomės, stigtis
stigotės, stigtis
stigdavausi, stigtis
stigdavaisi, stigtis
stigdavosi, stigtis
stigdavomės, stigtis
stigdavotės, stigtis
stigsiusi, stigtis
stigsisi, stigtis
stigsis, stigtis
stigsimės, stigtis
stigsitės, stigtis
stigčiausi, stigtis
stigtumeisi, stigtis
stigtųsi, stigtis
stigtu(mė)mės, stigtis
stigtu(mė)tės, stigtis
stingtis, stingtis
stingstuosi, stingtis
stingstiesi, stingtis
stingstasi, stingtis
stingstamės, stingtis
stingstatės, stingtis
stinks, stingtis
stinkitės, stingtis
stinkimės, stingtis
stingausi, stingtis
stingaisi, stingtis
stingosi, stingtis
stingomės, stingtis
stingotės, stingtis
stingdavausi, stingtis
stingdavaisi, stingtis
stingdavosi, stingtis
stingdavomės, stingtis
stingdavotės, stingtis
stingsiusi, stingtis
stingsisi, stingtis
stingsis, stingtis
stingsimės, stingtis
stingsitės, stingtis
stingčiausi, stingtis
stingtumeisi, stingtis
stingtųsi, stingtis
stingtu(mė)mės, stingtis
stingtu(mė)tės, stingtis
stiprėtis, stiprėtis
stiprėjuosi, stiprėtis
stiprėjiesi, stiprėtis
stiprėjasi, stiprėtis
stiprėjamės, stiprėtis
stiprėjatės, stiprėtis
stiprėks, stiprėtis
stiprėkitės, stiprėtis
stiprėkimės, stiprėtis
stiprėjausi, stiprėtis
stiprėjaisi, stiprėtis
stiprėjosi, stiprėtis
stiprėjomės, stiprėtis
stiprėjotės, stiprėtis
stiprėdavausi, stiprėtis
stiprėdavaisi, stiprėtis
stiprėdavosi, stiprėtis
stiprėdavomės, stiprėtis
stiprėdavotės, stiprėtis
stiprėsiusi, stiprėtis
stiprėsisi, stiprėtis
stiprėsis, stiprėtis
stiprėsimės, stiprėtis
stiprėsitės, stiprėtis
stiprėčiausi, stiprėtis
stiprėtumeisi, stiprėtis
stiprėtųsi, stiprėtis
stiprėtu(mė)mės, stiprėtis
stiprėtu(mė)tės, stiprėtis
stiprintis, stiprintis
stiprinuosi, stiprintis
stipriniesi, stiprintis
stiprinasi, stiprintis
stiprinamės, stiprintis
stiprinatės, stiprintis
stiprinks, stiprintis
stiprinkitės, stiprintis
stiprinkimės, stiprintis
stiprinausi, stiprintis
stiprinaisi, stiprintis
stiprinosi, stiprintis
stiprinomės, stiprintis
stiprinotės, stiprintis
stiprindavausi, stiprintis
stiprindavaisi, stiprintis
stiprindavosi, stiprintis
stiprindavomės, stiprintis
stiprindavotės, stiprintis
stiprinsiusi, stiprintis
stiprinsisi, stiprintis
stiprinsis, stiprintis
stiprinsimės, stiprintis
stiprinsitės, stiprintis
stiprinčiausi, stiprintis
stiprintumeisi, stiprintis
stiprintųsi, stiprintis
stiprintu(mė)mės, stiprintis
stiprintu(mė)tės, stiprintis
stiptis, stiptis
stimpuosi, stiptis
stimpiesi, stiptis
stimpasi, stiptis
stimpamės, stiptis
stimpatės, stiptis
stipks, stiptis
stipkitės, stiptis
stipkimės, stiptis
stipausi, stiptis
stipaisi, stiptis
stiposi, stiptis
stipomės, stiptis
stipotės, stiptis
stipdavausi, stiptis
stipdavaisi, stiptis
stipdavosi, stiptis
stipdavomės, stiptis
stipdavotės, stiptis
stipsiusi, stiptis
stipsisi, stiptis
stipsis, stiptis
stipsimės, stiptis
stipsitės, stiptis
stipčiausi, stiptis
stiptumeisi, stiptis
stiptųsi, stiptis
stiptu(mė)mės, stiptis
stiptu(mė)tės, stiptis
stirksotis, stirksotis
stirksausi, stirksotis
stirksaisi, stirksotis
stirksosi, stirksotis
stirksomės, stirksotis
stirksotės, stirksotis
stirksoks, stirksotis
stirksokitės, stirksotis
stirksokimės, stirksotis
stirksojausi, stirksotis
stirksojaisi, stirksotis
stirksojosi, stirksotis
stirksojomės, stirksotis
stirksojotės, stirksotis
stirksodavausi, stirksotis
stirksodavaisi, stirksotis
stirksodavosi, stirksotis
stirksodavomės, stirksotis
stirksodavotės, stirksotis
stirksosiusi, stirksotis
stirksosisi, stirksotis
stirksosis, stirksotis
stirksosimės, stirksotis
stirksositės, stirksotis
stirksočiausi, stirksotis
stirksotumeisi, stirksotis
stirksotųsi, stirksotis
stirksotu(mė)mės, stirksotis
stirksotu(mė)tės, stirksotis
stodinėtis, stodinėtis
stodinėjuosi, stodinėtis
stodinėjiesi, stodinėtis
stodinėjasi, stodinėtis
stodinėjamės, stodinėtis
stodinėjatės, stodinėtis
stodinėks, stodinėtis
stodinėkitės, stodinėtis
stodinėkimės, stodinėtis
stodinėjausi, stodinėtis
stodinėjaisi, stodinėtis
stodinėjosi, stodinėtis
stodinėjomės, stodinėtis
stodinėjotės, stodinėtis
stodinėdavausi, stodinėtis
stodinėdavaisi, stodinėtis
stodinėdavosi, stodinėtis
stodinėdavomės, stodinėtis
stodinėdavotės, stodinėtis
stodinėsiusi, stodinėtis
stodinėsisi, stodinėtis
stodinėsis, stodinėtis
stodinėsimės, stodinėtis
stodinėsitės, stodinėtis
stodinėčiausi, stodinėtis
stodinėtumeisi, stodinėtis
stodinėtųsi, stodinėtis
stodinėtu(mė)mės, stodinėtis
stodinėtu(mė)tės, stodinėtis
stokotis, stokotis
stokojuosi, stokotis
stokojiesi, stokotis
stokojasi, stokotis
stokojamės, stokotis
stokojatės, stokotis
stokoks, stokotis
stokokitės, stokotis
stokokimės, stokotis
stokojausi, stokotis
stokojaisi, stokotis
stokojosi, stokotis
stokojomės, stokotis
stokojotės, stokotis
stokodavausi, stokotis
stokodavaisi, stokotis
stokodavosi, stokotis
stokodavomės, stokotis
stokodavotės, stokotis
stokosiusi, stokotis
stokosisi, stokotis
stokosis, stokotis
stokosimės, stokotis
stokositės, stokotis
stokočiausi, stokotis
stokotumeisi, stokotis
stokotųsi, stokotis
stokotu(mė)mės, stokotis
stokotu(mė)tės, stokotis
storėtis, storėtis
storėjuosi, storėtis
storėjiesi, storėtis
storėjasi, storėtis
storėjamės, storėtis
storėjatės, storėtis
storėks, storėtis
storėkitės, storėtis
storėkimės, storėtis
storėjausi, storėtis
storėjaisi, storėtis
storėjosi, storėtis
storėjomės, storėtis
storėjotės, storėtis
storėdavausi, storėtis
storėdavaisi, storėtis
storėdavosi, storėtis
storėdavomės, storėtis
storėdavotės, storėtis
storėsiusi, storėtis
storėsisi, storėtis
storėsis, storėtis
storėsimės, storėtis
storėsitės, storėtis
storėčiausi, storėtis
storėtumeisi, storėtis
storėtųsi, storėtis
storėtu(mė)mės, storėtis
storėtu(mė)tės, storėtis
storintis, storintis
storinuosi, storintis
storiniesi, storintis
storinasi, storintis
storinamės, storintis
storinatės, storintis
storinks, storintis
storinkitės, storintis
storinkimės, storintis
storinausi, storintis
storinaisi, storintis
storinosi, storintis
storinomės, storintis
storinotės, storintis
storindavausi, storintis
storindavaisi, storintis
storindavosi, storintis
storindavomės, storintis
storindavotės, storintis
storinsiusi, storintis
storinsisi, storintis
storinsis, storintis
storinsimės, storintis
storinsitės, storintis
storinčiausi, storintis
storintumeisi, storintis
storintųsi, storintis
storintu(mė)mės, storintis
storintu(mė)tės, storintis
stotis, stotis
stojuosi, stotis
stojiesi, stotis
stojasi, stotis
stojamės, stotis
stojatės, stotis
stoks, stotis
stokitės, stotis
stokimės, stotis
stojausi, stotis
stojaisi, stotis
stojosi, stotis
stojomės, stotis
stojotės, stotis
stodavausi, stotis
stodavaisi, stotis
stodavosi, stotis
stodavomės, stotis
stodavotės, stotis
stosiusi, stotis
stosisi, stotis
stosis, stotis
stosimės, stotis
stositės, stotis
stočiausi, stotis
stotumeisi, stotis
stotųsi, stotis
stotu(mė)mės, stotis
stotu(mė)tės, stotis
stovėtis, stovėtis
stoviusi, stovėtis
stovisi, stovėtis
stovisi, stovėtis
stovimės, stovėtis
stovitės, stovėtis
stovėks, stovėtis
stovėkitės, stovėtis
stovėkimės, stovėtis
stovėjausi, stovėtis
stovėjaisi, stovėtis
stovėjosi, stovėtis
stovėjomės, stovėtis
stovėjotės, stovėtis
stovėdavausi, stovėtis
stovėdavaisi, stovėtis
stovėdavosi, stovėtis
stovėdavomės, stovėtis
stovėdavotės, stovėtis
stovėsiusi, stovėtis
stovėsisi, stovėtis
stovėsis, stovėtis
stovėsimės, stovėtis
stovėsitės, stovėtis
stovėčiausi, stovėtis
stovėtumeisi, stovėtis
stovėtųsi, stovėtis
stovėtu(mė)mės, stovėtis
stovėtu(mė)tės, stovėtis
stovinėtis, stovinėtis
stovinėjuosi, stovinėtis
stovinėjiesi, stovinėtis
stovinėjasi, stovinėtis
stovinėjamės, stovinėtis
stovinėjatės, stovinėtis
stovinėks, stovinėtis
stovinėkitės, stovinėtis
stovinėkimės, stovinėtis
stovinėjausi, stovinėtis
stovinėjaisi, stovinėtis
stovinėjosi, stovinėtis
stovinėjomės, stovinėtis
stovinėjotės, stovinėtis
stovinėdavausi, stovinėtis
stovinėdavaisi, stovinėtis
stovinėdavosi, stovinėtis
stovinėdavomės, stovinėtis
stovinėdavotės, stovinėtis
stovinėsiusi, stovinėtis
stovinėsisi, stovinėtis
stovinėsis, stovinėtis
stovinėsimės, stovinėtis
stovinėsitės, stovinėtis
stovinėčiausi, stovinėtis
stovinėtumeisi, stovinėtis
stovinėtųsi, stovinėtis
stovinėtu(mė)mės, stovinėtis
stovinėtu(mė)tės, stovinėtis
stoviniuotis, stoviniuotis
stoviniuojuosi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuojiesi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuojasi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuojamės, stoviniuotis
stoviniuojatės, stoviniuotis
stoviniuoks, stoviniuotis
stoviniuokitės, stoviniuotis
stoviniuokimės, stoviniuotis
stoviniavausi, stoviniuotis
stoviniavaisi, stoviniuotis
stoviniavosi, stoviniuotis
stoviniavomės, stoviniuotis
stoviniavotės, stoviniuotis
stoviniuodavausi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuodavaisi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuodavosi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuodavomės, stoviniuotis
stoviniuodavotės, stoviniuotis
stoviniuosiusi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuosisi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuosis, stoviniuotis
stoviniuosimės, stoviniuotis
stoviniuositės, stoviniuotis
stoviniuočiausi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuotumeisi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuotųsi, stoviniuotis
stoviniuotu(mė)mės, stoviniuotis
stoviniuotu(mė)tės, stoviniuotis
stovyklautis, stovyklautis
stovyklaujuosi, stovyklautis
stovyklaujiesi, stovyklautis
stovyklaujasi, stovyklautis
stovyklaujamės, stovyklautis
stovyklaujatės, stovyklautis
stovyklauks, stovyklautis
stovyklaukitės, stovyklautis
stovyklaukimės, stovyklautis
stovyklavausi, stovyklautis
stovyklavaisi, stovyklautis
stovyklavosi, stovyklautis
stovyklavomės, stovyklautis
stovyklavotės, stovyklautis
stovyklaudavausi, stovyklautis
stovyklaudavaisi, stovyklautis
stovyklaudavosi, stovyklautis
stovyklaudavomės, stovyklautis
stovyklaudavotės, stovyklautis
stovyklausiusi, stovyklautis
stovyklausisi, stovyklautis
stovyklausis, stovyklautis
stovyklausimės, stovyklautis
stovyklausitės, stovyklautis
stovyklaučiausi, stovyklautis
stovyklautumeisi, stovyklautis
stovyklautųsi, stovyklautis
stovyklautu(mė)mės, stovyklautis
stovyklautu(mė)tės, stovyklautis
streikuotis, streikuotis
streikuojuosi, streikuotis
streikuojiesi, streikuotis
streikuojasi, streikuotis
streikuojamės, streikuotis
streikuojatės, streikuotis
streikuoks, streikuotis
streikuokitės, streikuotis
streikuokimės, streikuotis
streikavausi, streikuotis
streikavaisi, streikuotis
streikavosi, streikuotis
streikavomės, streikuotis
streikavotės, streikuotis
streikuodavausi, streikuotis
streikuodavaisi, streikuotis
streikuodavosi, streikuotis
streikuodavomės, streikuotis
streikuodavotės, streikuotis
streikuosiusi, streikuotis
streikuosisi, streikuotis
streikuosis, streikuotis
streikuosimės, streikuotis
streikuositės, streikuotis
streikuočiausi, streikuotis
streikuotumeisi, streikuotis
streikuotųsi, streikuotis
streikuotu(mė)mės, streikuotis
streikuotu(mė)tės, streikuotis
stresuotis, stresuotis
stresuojuosi, stresuotis
stresuojiesi, stresuotis
stresuojasi, stresuotis
stresuojamės, stresuotis
stresuojatės, stresuotis
stresuoks, stresuotis
stresuokitės, stresuotis
stresuokimės, stresuotis
stresavausi, stresuotis
stresavaisi, stresuotis
stresavosi, stresuotis
stresavomės, stresuotis
stresavotės, stresuotis
stresuodavausi, stresuotis
stresuodavaisi, stresuotis
stresuodavosi, stresuotis
stresuodavomės, stresuotis
stresuodavotės, stresuotis
stresuosiusi, stresuotis
stresuosisi, stresuotis
stresuosis, stresuotis
stresuosimės, stresuotis
stresuositės, stresuotis
stresuočiausi, stresuotis
stresuotumeisi, stresuotis
stresuotųsi, stresuotis
stresuotu(mė)mės, stresuotis
stresuotu(mė)tės, stresuotis
strikinėtis, strikinėtis
strikinėjuosi, strikinėtis
strikinėjiesi, strikinėtis
strikinėjasi, strikinėtis
strikinėjamės, strikinėtis
strikinėjatės, strikinėtis
strikinėks, strikinėtis
strikinėkitės, strikinėtis
strikinėkimės, strikinėtis
strikinėjausi, strikinėtis
strikinėjaisi, strikinėtis
strikinėjosi, strikinėtis
strikinėjomės, strikinėtis
strikinėjotės, strikinėtis
strikinėdavausi, strikinėtis
strikinėdavaisi, strikinėtis
strikinėdavosi, strikinėtis
strikinėdavomės, strikinėtis
strikinėdavotės, strikinėtis
strikinėsiusi, strikinėtis
strikinėsisi, strikinėtis
strikinėsis, strikinėtis
strikinėsimės, strikinėtis
strikinėsitės, strikinėtis
strikinėčiausi, strikinėtis
strikinėtumeisi, strikinėtis
strikinėtųsi, strikinėtis
strikinėtu(mė)mės, strikinėtis
strikinėtu(mė)tės, strikinėtis
strykinėtis, strykinėtis
strykinėjuosi, strykinėtis
strykinėjiesi, strykinėtis
strykinėjasi, strykinėtis
strykinėjamės, strykinėtis
strykinėjatės, strykinėtis
strykinėks, strykinėtis
strykinėkitės, strykinėtis
strykinėkimės, strykinėtis
strykinėjausi, strykinėtis
strykinėjaisi, strykinėtis
strykinėjosi, strykinėtis
strykinėjomės, strykinėtis
strykinėjotės, strykinėtis
strykinėdavausi, strykinėtis
strykinėdavaisi, strykinėtis
strykinėdavosi, strykinėtis
strykinėdavomės, strykinėtis
strykinėdavotės, strykinėtis
strykinėsiusi, strykinėtis
strykinėsisi, strykinėtis
strykinėsis, strykinėtis
strykinėsimės, strykinėtis
strykinėsitės, strykinėtis
strykinėčiausi, strykinėtis
strykinėtumeisi, strykinėtis
strykinėtųsi, strykinėtis
strykinėtu(mė)mės, strykinėtis
strykinėtu(mė)tės, strykinėtis
stryktelėtis, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjuosi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjiesi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjasi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjamės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjatės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėks, stryktelėtis
stryktelėkitės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėkimės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjausi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjaisi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjosi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjomės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėjotės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėdavausi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėdavaisi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėdavosi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėdavomės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėdavotės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėsiusi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėsisi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėsis, stryktelėtis
stryktelėsimės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėsitės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėčiausi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėtumeisi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėtųsi, stryktelėtis
stryktelėtu(mė)mės, stryktelėtis
stryktelėtu(mė)tės, stryktelėtis
studijuotis, studijuotis
studijuojuosi, studijuotis
studijuojiesi, studijuotis
studijuojasi, studijuotis
studijuojamės, studijuotis
studijuojatės, studijuotis
studijuoks, studijuotis
studijuokitės, studijuotis
studijuokimės, studijuotis
studijavausi, studijuotis
studijavaisi, studijuotis
studijavosi, studijuotis
studijavomės, studijuotis
studijavotės, studijuotis
studijuodavausi, studijuotis
studijuodavaisi, studijuotis
studijuodavosi, studijuotis
studijuodavomės, studijuotis
studijuodavotės, studijuotis
studijuosiusi, studijuotis
studijuosisi, studijuotis
studijuosis, studijuotis
studijuosimės, studijuotis
studijuositės, studijuotis
studijuočiausi, studijuotis
studijuotumeisi, studijuotis
studijuotųsi, studijuotis
studijuotu(mė)mės, studijuotis
studijuotu(mė)tės, studijuotis
stulbintis, stulbintis
stulbinuosi, stulbintis
stulbiniesi, stulbintis
stulbinasi, stulbintis
stulbinamės, stulbintis
stulbinatės, stulbintis
stulbinks, stulbintis
stulbinkitės, stulbintis
stulbinkimės, stulbintis
stulbinausi, stulbintis
stulbinaisi, stulbintis
stulbinosi, stulbintis
stulbinomės, stulbintis
stulbinotės, stulbintis
stulbindavausi, stulbintis
stulbindavaisi, stulbintis
stulbindavosi, stulbintis
stulbindavomės, stulbintis
stulbindavotės, stulbintis
stulbinsiusi, stulbintis
stulbinsisi, stulbintis
stulbinsis, stulbintis
stulbinsimės, stulbintis
stulbinsitės, stulbintis
stulbinčiausi, stulbintis
stulbintumeisi, stulbintis
stulbintųsi, stulbintis
stulbintu(mė)mės, stulbintis
stulbintu(mė)tės, stulbintis
stūmėtis, stūmėtis
stūmiusi, stūmėtis
stūmisi, stūmėtis
stūmisi, stūmėtis
stūmimės, stūmėtis
stūmitės, stūmėtis
stūmėks, stūmėtis
stūmėkitės, stūmėtis
stūmėkimės, stūmėtis
stūmėjausi, stūmėtis
stūmėjaisi, stūmėtis
stūmėjosi, stūmėtis
stūmėjomės, stūmėtis
stūmėjotės, stūmėtis
stūmėdavausi, stūmėtis
stūmėdavaisi, stūmėtis
stūmėdavosi, stūmėtis
stūmėdavomės, stūmėtis
stūmėdavotės, stūmėtis
stūmėsiusi, stūmėtis
stūmėsisi, stūmėtis
stūmėsis, stūmėtis
stūmėsimės, stūmėtis
stūmėsitės, stūmėtis
stūmėčiausi, stūmėtis
stūmėtumeisi, stūmėtis
stūmėtųsi, stūmėtis
stūmėtu(mė)mės, stūmėtis
stūmėtu(mė)tės, stūmėtis
stumtelėtis, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjuosi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjiesi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjasi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjamės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjatės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėks, stumtelėtis
stumtelėkitės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėkimės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjausi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjaisi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjosi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjomės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėjotės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėdavausi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėdavaisi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėdavosi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėdavomės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėdavotės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėsiusi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėsisi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėsis, stumtelėtis
stumtelėsimės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėsitės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėčiausi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėtumeisi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėtųsi, stumtelėtis
stumtelėtu(mė)mės, stumtelėtis
stumtelėtu(mė)tės, stumtelėtis
stumtis, stumtis
stumiuosi, stumtis
stumiesi, stumtis
stumiasi, stumtis
stumiamės, stumtis
stumiatės, stumtis
stumks, stumtis
stumkitės, stumtis
stumkimės, stumtis
stūmiausi, stumtis
stūmeisi, stumtis
stūmėsi, stumtis
stūmėmės, stumtis
stūmėtės, stumtis
stumdavausi, stumtis
stumdavaisi, stumtis
stumdavosi, stumtis
stumdavomės, stumtis
stumdavotės, stumtis
stumsiusi, stumtis
stumsisi, stumtis
stumsis, stumtis
stumsimės, stumtis
stumsitės, stumtis
stumčiausi, stumtis
stumtumeisi, stumtis
stumtųsi, stumtis
stumtu(mė)mės, stumtis
stumtu(mė)tės, stumtis
šturmuotis, šturmuotis
šturmuojuosi, šturmuotis
šturmuojiesi, šturmuotis
šturmuojasi, šturmuotis
šturmuojamės, šturmuotis
šturmuojatės, šturmuotis
šturmuoks, šturmuotis
šturmuokitės, šturmuotis
šturmuokimės, šturmuotis
šturmavausi, šturmuotis
šturmavaisi, šturmuotis
šturmavosi, šturmuotis
šturmavomės, šturmuotis
šturmavotės, šturmuotis
šturmuodavausi, šturmuotis
šturmuodavaisi, šturmuotis
šturmuodavosi, šturmuotis
šturmuodavomės, šturmuotis
šturmuodavotės, šturmuotis
šturmuosiusi, šturmuotis
šturmuosisi, šturmuotis
šturmuosis, šturmuotis
šturmuosimės, šturmuotis
šturmuositės, šturmuotis
šturmuočiausi, šturmuotis
šturmuotumeisi, šturmuotis
šturmuotųsi, šturmuotis
šturmuotu(mė)mės, šturmuotis
šturmuotu(mė)tės, šturmuotis
stvertis, stvertis
stveriuosi, stvertis
stveriesi, stvertis
stveriasi, stvertis
stveriamės, stvertis
stveriatės, stvertis
stverks, stvertis
stverkitės, stvertis
stverkimės, stvertis
stvėriausi, stvertis
stvėreisi, stvertis
stvėrėsi, stvertis
stvėrėmės, stvertis
stvėrėtės, stvertis
stverdavausi, stvertis
stverdavaisi, stvertis
stverdavosi, stvertis
stverdavomės, stvertis
stverdavotės, stvertis
stversiusi, stvertis
stversisi, stvertis
stversis, stvertis
stversimės, stvertis
stversitės, stvertis
stverčiausi, stvertis
stvertumeisi, stvertis
stvertųsi, stvertis
stvertu(mė)mės, stvertis
stvertu(mė)tės, stvertis
stypsotis, stypsotis
stypsausi, stypsotis
stypsaisi, stypsotis
stypsosi, stypsotis
stypsomės, stypsotis
stypsotės, stypsotis
stypsoks, stypsotis
stypsokitės, stypsotis
stypsokimės, stypsotis
stypsojausi, stypsotis
stypsojaisi, stypsotis
stypsojosi, stypsotis
stypsojomės, stypsotis
stypsojotės, stypsotis
stypsodavausi, stypsotis
stypsodavaisi, stypsotis
stypsodavosi, stypsotis
stypsodavomės, stypsotis
stypsodavotės, stypsotis
stypsosiusi, stypsotis
stypsosisi, stypsotis
stypsosis, stypsotis
stypsosimės, stypsotis
stypsositės, stypsotis
stypsočiausi, stypsotis
stypsotumeisi, stypsotis
stypsotųsi, stypsotis
stypsotu(mė)mės, stypsotis
stypsotu(mė)tės, stypsotis
styrotis, styrotis
styrausi, styrotis
styraisi, styrotis
styrosi, styrotis
styromės, styrotis
styrotės, styrotis
styroks, styrotis
styrokitės, styrotis
styrokimės, styrotis
styrojausi, styrotis
styrojaisi, styrotis
styrojosi, styrotis
styrojomės, styrotis
styrojotės, styrotis
styrodavausi, styrotis
styrodavaisi, styrotis
styrodavosi, styrotis
styrodavomės, styrotis
styrodavotės, styrotis
styrosiusi, styrotis
styrosisi, styrotis
styrosis, styrotis
styrosimės, styrotis
styrositės, styrotis
styročiausi, styrotis
styrotumeisi, styrotis
styrotųsi, styrotis
styrotu(mė)mės, styrotis
styrotu(mė)tės, styrotis
sūdytis, sūdytis
sūdžausi, sūdytis
sūdaisi, sūdytis
sūdosi, sūdytis
sūdomės, sūdytis
sūdotės, sūdytis
sūdyks, sūdytis
sūdykitės, sūdytis
sūdykimės, sūdytis
sūdeisi, sūdytis
sūdėsi, sūdytis
sūdėmės, sūdytis
sūdėtės, sūdytis
sūdydavausi, sūdytis
sūdydavaisi, sūdytis
sūdydavosi, sūdytis
sūdydavomės, sūdytis
sūdydavotės, sūdytis
sūdysiusi, sūdytis
sūdysisi, sūdytis
sūdysis, sūdytis
sūdysimės, sūdytis
sūdysitės, sūdytis
sūdyčiausi, sūdytis
sūdytumeisi, sūdytis
sūdytųsi, sūdytis
sūdytu(mė)mės, sūdytis
sūdytu(mė)tės, sūdytis
šūkautis, šūkautis
šūkaujuosi, šūkautis
šūkaujiesi, šūkautis
šūkaujasi, šūkautis
šūkaujamės, šūkautis
šūkaujatės, šūkautis
šūkauks, šūkautis
šūkaukitės, šūkautis
šūkaukimės, šūkautis
šūkavausi, šūkautis
šūkavaisi, šūkautis
šūkavosi, šūkautis
šūkavomės, šūkautis
šūkavotės, šūkautis
šūkaudavausi, šūkautis
šūkaudavaisi, šūkautis
šūkaudavosi, šūkautis
šūkaudavomės, šūkautis
šūkaudavotės, šūkautis
šūkausiusi, šūkautis
šūkausisi, šūkautis
šūkausis, šūkautis
šūkausimės, šūkautis
šūkausitės, šūkautis
šūkaučiausi, šūkautis
šūkautumeisi, šūkautis
šūkautųsi, šūkautis
šūkautu(mė)mės, šūkautis
šūkautu(mė)tės, šūkautis
šukuotis, šukuotis
šukuojuosi, šukuotis
šukuojiesi, šukuotis
šukuojasi, šukuotis
šukuojamės, šukuotis
šukuojatės, šukuotis
šukuoks, šukuotis
šukuokitės, šukuotis
šukuokimės, šukuotis
šukavausi, šukuotis
šukavaisi, šukuotis
šukavosi, šukuotis
šukavomės, šukuotis
šukavotės, šukuotis
šukuodavausi, šukuotis
šukuodavaisi, šukuotis
šukuodavosi, šukuotis
šukuodavomės, šukuotis
šukuodavotės, šukuotis
šukuosiusi, šukuotis
šukuosisi, šukuotis
šukuosis, šukuotis
šukuosimės, šukuotis
šukuositės, šukuotis
šukuočiausi, šukuotis
šukuotumeisi, šukuotis
šukuotųsi, šukuotis
šukuotu(mė)mės, šukuotis
šukuotu(mė)tės, šukuotis
šuoliuotis, šuoliuotis
šuoliuojuosi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuojiesi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuojasi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuojamės, šuoliuotis
šuoliuojatės, šuoliuotis
šuoliuoks, šuoliuotis
šuoliuokitės, šuoliuotis
šuoliuokimės, šuoliuotis
šuoliavausi, šuoliuotis
šuoliavaisi, šuoliuotis
šuoliavosi, šuoliuotis
šuoliavomės, šuoliuotis
šuoliavotės, šuoliuotis
šuoliuodavausi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuodavaisi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuodavosi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuodavomės, šuoliuotis
šuoliuodavotės, šuoliuotis
šuoliuosiusi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuosisi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuosis, šuoliuotis
šuoliuosimės, šuoliuotis
šuoliuositės, šuoliuotis
šuoliuočiausi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuotumeisi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuotųsi, šuoliuotis
šuoliuotu(mė)mės, šuoliuotis
šuoliuotu(mė)tės, šuoliuotis
sūpuotis, sūpuotis
sūpuojuosi, sūpuotis
sūpuojiesi, sūpuotis
sūpuojasi, sūpuotis
sūpuojamės, sūpuotis
sūpuojatės, sūpuotis
sūpuoks, sūpuotis
sūpuokitės, sūpuotis
sūpuokimės, sūpuotis
sūpavausi, sūpuotis
sūpavaisi, sūpuotis
sūpavosi, sūpuotis
sūpavomės, sūpuotis
sūpavotės, sūpuotis
sūpuodavausi, sūpuotis
sūpuodavaisi, sūpuotis
sūpuodavosi, sūpuotis
sūpuodavomės, sūpuotis
sūpuodavotės, sūpuotis
sūpuosiusi, sūpuotis
sūpuosisi, sūpuotis
sūpuosis, sūpuotis
sūpuosimės, sūpuotis
sūpuositės, sūpuotis
sūpuočiausi, sūpuotis
sūpuotumeisi, sūpuotis
sūpuotųsi, sūpuotis
sūpuotu(mė)mės, sūpuotis
sūpuotu(mė)tės, sūpuotis
šurmuliuotis, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuojuosi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuojiesi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuojasi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuojamės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuojatės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuoks, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuokitės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuokimės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliavausi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliavaisi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliavosi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliavomės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliavotės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuodavausi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuodavaisi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuodavosi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuodavomės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuodavotės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuosiusi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuosisi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuosis, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuosimės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuositės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuočiausi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuotumeisi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuotųsi, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuotu(mė)mės, šurmuliuotis
šurmuliuotu(mė)tės, šurmuliuotis
šustis, šustis
šuntuosi, šustis
šuntiesi, šustis
šuntasi, šustis
šuntamės, šustis
šuntatės, šustis
šusks, šustis
šuskitės, šustis
šuskimės, šustis
šutausi, šustis
šutaisi, šustis
šutosi, šustis
šutomės, šustis
šutotės, šustis
šusdavausi, šustis
šusdavaisi, šustis
šusdavosi, šustis
šusdavomės, šustis
šusdavotės, šustis
šusiusi, šustis
šusisi, šustis
šusis, šustis
šusimės, šustis
šusitės, šustis
šusčiausi, šustis
šustumeisi, šustis
šustųsi, šustis
šustu(mė)mės, šustis
šustu(mė)tės, šustis
svaidytis, svaidytis
svaidžausi, svaidytis
svaidaisi, svaidytis
svaidosi, svaidytis
svaidomės, svaidytis
svaidotės, svaidytis
svaidyks, svaidytis
svaidykitės, svaidytis
svaidykimės, svaidytis
svaideisi, svaidytis
svaidėsi, svaidytis
svaidėmės, svaidytis
svaidėtės, svaidytis
svaidydavausi, svaidytis
svaidydavaisi, svaidytis
svaidydavosi, svaidytis
svaidydavomės, svaidytis
svaidydavotės, svaidytis
svaidysiusi, svaidytis
svaidysisi, svaidytis
svaidysis, svaidytis
svaidysimės, svaidytis
svaidysitės, svaidytis
svaidyčiausi, svaidytis
svaidytumeisi, svaidytis
svaidytųsi, svaidytis
svaidytu(mė)mės, svaidytis
svaidytu(mė)tės, svaidytis
svaigtis, svaigtis
svaigstuosi, svaigtis
svaigstiesi, svaigtis
svaigstasi, svaigtis
svaigstamės, svaigtis
svaigstatės, svaigtis
svaiks, svaigtis
svaikitės, svaigtis
svaikimės, svaigtis
svaigausi, svaigtis
svaigaisi, svaigtis
svaigosi, svaigtis
svaigomės, svaigtis
svaigotės, svaigtis
svaigdavausi, svaigtis
svaigdavaisi, svaigtis
svaigdavosi, svaigtis
svaigdavomės, svaigtis
svaigdavotės, svaigtis
svaigsiusi, svaigtis
svaigsisi, svaigtis
svaigsis, svaigtis
svaigsimės, svaigtis
svaigsitės, svaigtis
svaigčiausi, svaigtis
svaigtumeisi, svaigtis
svaigtųsi, svaigtis
svaigtu(mė)mės, svaigtis
svaigtu(mė)tės, svaigtis
švaistytis, švaistytis
švaistausi, švaistytis
švaistaisi, švaistytis
švaistosi, švaistytis
švaistomės, švaistytis
švaistotės, švaistytis
švaistyks, švaistytis
švaistykitės, švaistytis
švaistykimės, švaistytis
švaisteisi, švaistytis
švaistėsi, švaistytis
švaistėmės, švaistytis
švaistėtės, švaistytis
švaistydavausi, švaistytis
švaistydavaisi, švaistytis
švaistydavosi, švaistytis
švaistydavomės, švaistytis
švaistydavotės, švaistytis
švaistysiusi, švaistytis
švaistysisi, švaistytis
švaistysis, švaistytis
švaistysimės, švaistytis
švaistysitės, švaistytis
švaistyčiausi, švaistytis
švaistytumeisi, švaistytis
švaistytųsi, švaistytis
švaistytu(mė)mės, švaistytis
švaistytu(mė)tės, švaistytis
svajotis, svajotis
svajojuosi, svajotis
svajojiesi, svajotis
svajojasi, svajotis
svajojamės, svajotis
svajojatės, svajotis
svajoks, svajotis
svajokitės, svajotis
svajokimės, svajotis
svajojausi, svajotis
svajojaisi, svajotis
svajojosi, svajotis
svajojomės, svajotis
svajojotės, svajotis
svajodavausi, svajotis
svajodavaisi, svajotis
svajodavosi, svajotis
svajodavomės, svajotis
svajodavotės, svajotis
svajosiusi, svajotis
svajosisi, svajotis
svajosis, svajotis
svajosimės, svajotis
svajositės, svajotis
svajočiausi, svajotis
svajotumeisi, svajotis
svajotųsi, svajotis
svajotu(mė)mės, svajotis
svajotu(mė)tės, svajotis
švarintis, švarintis
švarinuosi, švarintis
švariniesi, švarintis
švarinasi, švarintis
švarinamės, švarintis
švarinatės, švarintis
švarinks, švarintis
švarinkitės, švarintis
švarinkimės, švarintis
švarinausi, švarintis
švarinaisi, švarintis
švarinosi, švarintis
švarinomės, švarintis
švarinotės, švarintis
švarindavausi, švarintis
švarindavaisi, švarintis
švarindavosi, švarintis
švarindavomės, švarintis
švarindavotės, švarintis
švarinsiusi, švarintis
švarinsisi, švarintis
švarinsis, švarintis
švarinsimės, švarintis
švarinsitės, švarintis
švarinčiausi, švarintis
švarintumeisi, švarintis
švarintųsi, švarintis
švarintu(mė)mės, švarintis
švarintu(mė)tės, švarintis
svarstytis, svarstytis
svarstausi, svarstytis
svarstaisi, svarstytis
svarstosi, svarstytis
svarstomės, svarstytis
svarstotės, svarstytis
svarstyks, svarstytis
svarstykitės, svarstytis
svarstykimės, svarstytis
svarsteisi, svarstytis
svarstėsi, svarstytis
svarstėmės, svarstytis
svarstėtės, svarstytis
svarstydavausi, svarstytis
svarstydavaisi, svarstytis
svarstydavosi, svarstytis
svarstydavomės, svarstytis
svarstydavotės, svarstytis
svarstysiusi, svarstytis
svarstysisi, svarstytis
svarstysis, svarstytis
svarstysimės, svarstytis
svarstysitės, svarstytis
svarstyčiausi, svarstytis
svarstytumeisi, svarstytis
svarstytųsi, svarstytis
svarstytu(mė)mės, svarstytis
svarstytu(mė)tės, svarstytis
sveikintis, sveikintis
sveikinuosi, sveikintis
sveikiniesi, sveikintis
sveikinasi, sveikintis
sveikinamės, sveikintis
sveikinatės, sveikintis
sveikinks, sveikintis
sveikinkitės, sveikintis
sveikinkimės, sveikintis
sveikinausi, sveikintis
sveikinaisi, sveikintis
sveikinosi, sveikintis
sveikinomės, sveikintis
sveikinotės, sveikintis
sveikindavausi, sveikintis
sveikindavaisi, sveikintis
sveikindavosi, sveikintis
sveikindavomės, sveikintis
sveikindavotės, sveikintis
sveikinsiusi, sveikintis
sveikinsisi, sveikintis
sveikinsis, sveikintis
sveikinsimės, sveikintis
sveikinsitės, sveikintis
sveikinčiausi, sveikintis
sveikintumeisi, sveikintis
sveikintųsi, sveikintis
sveikintu(mė)mės, sveikintis
sveikintu(mė)tės, sveikintis
sveiktis, sveiktis
sveikstuosi, sveiktis
sveikstiesi, sveiktis
sveikstasi, sveiktis
sveikstamės, sveiktis
sveikstatės, sveiktis
sveiks, sveiktis
sveikitės, sveiktis
sveikimės, sveiktis
sveikausi, sveiktis
sveikaisi, sveiktis
sveikosi, sveiktis
sveikomės, sveiktis
sveikotės, sveiktis
sveikdavausi, sveiktis
sveikdavaisi, sveiktis
sveikdavosi, sveiktis
sveikdavomės, sveiktis
sveikdavotės, sveiktis
sveiksiusi, sveiktis
sveiksisi, sveiktis
sveiksis, sveiktis
sveiksimės, sveiktis
sveiksitės, sveiktis
sveikčiausi, sveiktis
sveiktumeisi, sveiktis
sveiktųsi, sveiktis
sveiktu(mė)mės, sveiktis
sveiktu(mė)tės, sveiktis
šveistis, šveistis
šveičiuosi, šveistis
šveičiesi, šveistis
šveičiasi, šveistis
šveičiamės, šveistis
šveičiatės, šveistis
šveisks, šveistis
šveiskitės, šveistis
šveiskimės, šveistis
šveiteisi, šveistis
šveitėsi, šveistis
šveitėmės, šveistis
šveitėtės, šveistis
šveisdavausi, šveistis
šveisdavaisi, šveistis
šveisdavosi, šveistis
šveisdavomės, šveistis
šveisdavotės, šveistis
šveisiusi, šveistis
šveisisi, šveistis
šveisis, šveistis
šveisimės, šveistis
šveisitės, šveistis
šveisčiausi, šveistis
šveistumeisi, šveistis
šveistųsi, šveistis
šveistu(mė)mės, šveistis
šveistu(mė)tės, šveistis
švelnintis, švelnintis
švelninuosi, švelnintis
švelniniesi, švelnintis
švelninasi, švelnintis
švelninamės, švelnintis
švelninatės, švelnintis
švelninks, švelnintis
švelninkitės, švelnintis
švelninkimės, švelnintis
švelninausi, švelnintis
švelninaisi, švelnintis
švelninosi, švelnintis
švelninomės, švelnintis
švelninotės, švelnintis
švelnindavausi, švelnintis
švelnindavaisi, švelnintis
švelnindavosi, švelnintis
švelnindavomės, švelnintis
švelnindavotės, švelnintis
švelninsiusi, švelnintis
švelninsisi, švelnintis
švelninsis, švelnintis
švelninsimės, švelnintis
švelninsitės, švelnintis
švelninčiausi, švelnintis
švelnintumeisi, švelnintis
švelnintųsi, švelnintis
švelnintu(mė)mės, švelnintis
švelnintu(mė)tės, švelnintis
šventintis, šventintis
šventinuosi, šventintis
šventiniesi, šventintis
šventinasi, šventintis
šventinamės, šventintis
šventinatės, šventintis
šventinks, šventintis
šventinkitės, šventintis
šventinkimės, šventintis
šventinausi, šventintis
šventinaisi, šventintis
šventinosi, šventintis
šventinomės, šventintis
šventinotės, šventintis
šventindavausi, šventintis
šventindavaisi, šventintis
šventindavosi, šventintis
šventindavomės, šventintis
šventindavotės, šventintis
šventinsiusi, šventintis
šventinsisi, šventintis
šventinsis, šventintis
šventinsimės, šventintis
šventinsitės, šventintis
šventinčiausi, šventintis
šventintumeisi, šventintis
šventintųsi, šventintis
šventintu(mė)mės, šventintis
šventintu(mė)tės, šventintis
svertis, svertis
sveriuosi, svertis
sveriesi, svertis
sveriasi, svertis
sveriamės, svertis
sveriatės, svertis
sverks, svertis
sverkitės, svertis
sverkimės, svertis
svėriausi, svertis
svėreisi, svertis
svėrėsi, svertis
svėrėmės, svertis
svėrėtės, svertis
sverdavausi, svertis
sverdavaisi, svertis
sverdavosi, svertis
sverdavomės, svertis
sverdavotės, svertis
sversiusi, svertis
sversisi, svertis
sversis, svertis
sversimės, svertis
sversitės, svertis
sverčiausi, svertis
svertumeisi, svertis
svertųsi, svertis
svertu(mė)mės, svertis
svertu(mė)tės, svertis
švestis, švestis
švenčiuosi, švestis
švenčiesi, švestis
švenčiasi, švestis
švenčiamės, švestis
švenčiatės, švestis
švesks, švestis
šveskitės, švestis
šveskimės, švestis
šventeisi, švestis
šventėsi, švestis
šventėmės, švestis
šventėtės, švestis
švesdavausi, švestis
švesdavaisi, švestis
švesdavosi, švestis
švesdavomės, švestis
švesdavotės, švestis
švesiusi, švestis
švesisi, švestis
švesis, švestis
švesimės, švestis
švesitės, švestis
švesčiausi, švestis
švestumeisi, švestis
švestųsi, švestis
švestu(mė)mės, švestis
švestu(mė)tės, švestis
švęstis, švęstis
švenčiuosi, švęstis
švenčiesi, švęstis
švenčiasi, švęstis
švenčiamės, švęstis
švenčiatės, švęstis
švęsks, švęstis
švęskitės, švęstis
švęskimės, švęstis
šventeisi, švęstis
šventėsi, švęstis
šventėmės, švęstis
šventėtės, švęstis
švęsdavausi, švęstis
švęsdavaisi, švęstis
švęsdavosi, švęstis
švęsdavomės, švęstis
švęsdavotės, švęstis
švęsiusi, švęstis
švęsisi, švęstis
švęsis, švęstis
švęsimės, švęstis
švęsitės, švęstis
švęsčiausi, švęstis
švęstumeisi, švęstis
švęstųsi, švęstis
švęstu(mė)mės, švęstis
švęstu(mė)tės, švęstis
šviesėtis, šviesėtis
šviesėjuosi, šviesėtis
šviesėjiesi, šviesėtis
šviesėjasi, šviesėtis
šviesėjamės, šviesėtis
šviesėjatės, šviesėtis
šviesėks, šviesėtis
šviesėkitės, šviesėtis
šviesėkimės, šviesėtis
šviesėjausi, šviesėtis
šviesėjaisi, šviesėtis
šviesėjosi, šviesėtis
šviesėjomės, šviesėtis
šviesėjotės, šviesėtis
šviesėdavausi, šviesėtis
šviesėdavaisi, šviesėtis
šviesėdavosi, šviesėtis
šviesėdavomės, šviesėtis
šviesėdavotės, šviesėtis
šviesėsiusi, šviesėtis
šviesėsisi, šviesėtis
šviesėsis, šviesėtis
šviesėsimės, šviesėtis
šviesėsitės, šviesėtis
šviesėčiausi, šviesėtis
šviesėtumeisi, šviesėtis
šviesėtųsi, šviesėtis
šviesėtu(mė)mės, šviesėtis
šviesėtu(mė)tės, šviesėtis
šviesintis, šviesintis
šviesinuosi, šviesintis
šviesiniesi, šviesintis
šviesinasi, šviesintis
šviesinamės, šviesintis
šviesinatės, šviesintis
šviesinks, šviesintis
šviesinkitės, šviesintis
šviesinkimės, šviesintis
šviesinausi, šviesintis
šviesinaisi, šviesintis
šviesinosi, šviesintis
šviesinomės, šviesintis
šviesinotės, šviesintis
šviesindavausi, šviesintis
šviesindavaisi, šviesintis
šviesindavosi, šviesintis
šviesindavomės, šviesintis
šviesindavotės, šviesintis
šviesinsiusi, šviesintis
šviesinsisi, šviesintis
šviesinsis, šviesintis
šviesinsimės, šviesintis
šviesinsitės, šviesintis
šviesinčiausi, šviesintis
šviesintumeisi, šviesintis
šviesintųsi, šviesintis
šviesintu(mė)mės, šviesintis
šviesintu(mė)tės, šviesintis
sviestis, sviestis
sviedžiuosi, sviestis
sviedžiesi, sviestis
sviedžiasi, sviestis
sviedžiamės, sviestis
sviedžiatės, sviestis
sviesks, sviestis
svieskitės, sviestis
svieskimės, sviestis
sviedeisi, sviestis
sviedėsi, sviestis
sviedėmės, sviestis
sviedėtės, sviestis
sviesdavausi, sviestis
sviesdavaisi, sviestis
sviesdavosi, sviestis
sviesdavomės, sviestis
sviesdavotės, sviestis
sviesiusi, sviestis
sviesisi, sviestis
sviesis, sviestis
sviesimės, sviestis
sviesitės, sviestis
sviesčiausi, sviestis
sviestumeisi, sviestis
sviestųsi, sviestis
sviestu(mė)mės, sviestis
sviestu(mė)tės, sviestis
šviestis, šviestis
šviesinuosi, šviestis
šviesiniesi, šviestis
šviesinasi, šviestis
šviesinamės, šviestis
šviesinatės, šviestis
šviesks, šviestis
švieskitės, šviestis
švieskimės, šviestis
šviesinausi, šviestis
šviesinaisi, šviestis
šviesinosi, šviestis
šviesinomės, šviestis
šviesinotės, šviestis
šviesdavausi, šviestis
šviesdavaisi, šviestis
šviesdavosi, šviestis
šviesdavomės, šviestis
šviesdavotės, šviestis
šviesiusi, šviestis
šviesisi, šviestis
šviesis, šviestis
šviesimės, šviestis
šviesitės, šviestis
šviesčiausi, šviestis
šviestumeisi, šviestis
šviestųsi, šviestis
šviestu(mė)mės, šviestis
šviestu(mė)tės, šviestis
svilintis, svilintis
svilinuosi, svilintis
sviliniesi, svilintis
svilinasi, svilintis
svilinamės, svilintis
svilinatės, svilintis
svilinks, svilintis
svilinkitės, svilintis
svilinkimės, svilintis
svilinausi, svilintis
svilinaisi, svilintis
svilinosi, svilintis
svilinomės, svilintis
svilinotės, svilintis
svilindavausi, svilintis
svilindavaisi, svilintis
svilindavosi, svilintis
svilindavomės, svilintis
svilindavotės, svilintis
svilinsiusi, svilintis
svilinsisi, svilintis
svilinsis, svilintis
svilinsimės, svilintis
svilinsitės, svilintis
svilinčiausi, svilintis
svilintumeisi, svilintis
svilintųsi, svilintis
svilintu(mė)mės, svilintis
svilintu(mė)tės, svilintis
švilpautis, švilpautis
švilpaujuosi, švilpautis
švilpaujiesi, švilpautis
švilpaujasi, švilpautis
švilpaujamės, švilpautis
švilpaujatės, švilpautis
švilpauks, švilpautis
švilpaukitės, švilpautis
švilpaukimės, švilpautis
švilpavausi, švilpautis
švilpavaisi, švilpautis
švilpavosi, švilpautis
švilpavomės, švilpautis
švilpavotės, švilpautis
švilpaudavausi, švilpautis
švilpaudavaisi, švilpautis
švilpaudavosi, švilpautis
švilpaudavomės, švilpautis
švilpaudavotės, švilpautis
švilpausiusi, švilpautis
švilpausisi, švilpautis
švilpausis, švilpautis
švilpausimės, švilpautis
švilpausitės, švilpautis
švilpaučiausi, švilpautis
švilpautumeisi, švilpautis
švilpautųsi, švilpautis
švilpautu(mė)mės, švilpautis
švilpautu(mė)tės, švilpautis
švilptelėtis, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjuosi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjiesi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjasi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjamės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjatės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėks, švilptelėtis
švilptelėkitės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėkimės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjausi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjaisi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjosi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjomės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėjotės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėdavausi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėdavaisi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėdavosi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėdavomės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėdavotės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėsiusi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėsisi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėsis, švilptelėtis
švilptelėsimės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėsitės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėčiausi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėtumeisi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėtųsi, švilptelėtis
švilptelėtu(mė)mės, švilptelėtis
švilptelėtu(mė)tės, švilptelėtis
švilptis, švilptis
švilpiuosi, švilptis
švilpiesi, švilptis
švilpiasi, švilptis
švilpiamės, švilptis
švilpiatės, švilptis
švilpks, švilptis
švilpkitės, švilptis
švilpkimės, švilptis
švilpiausi, švilptis
švilpeisi, švilptis
švilpėsi, švilptis
švilpėmės, švilptis
švilpėtės, švilptis
švilpdavausi, švilptis
švilpdavaisi, švilptis
švilpdavosi, švilptis
švilpdavomės, švilptis
švilpdavotės, švilptis
švilpsiusi, švilptis
švilpsisi, švilptis
švilpsis, švilptis
švilpsimės, švilptis
švilpsitės, švilptis
švilpčiausi, švilptis
švilptumeisi, švilptis
švilptųsi, švilptis
švilptu(mė)mės, švilptis
švilptu(mė)tės, švilptis
sviltis, sviltis
svyluosi, sviltis
svyliesi, sviltis
svylasi, sviltis
svylamės, sviltis
svylatės, sviltis
svilks, sviltis
svilkitės, sviltis
svilkimės, sviltis
svilausi, sviltis
svilaisi, sviltis
svilosi, sviltis
svilomės, sviltis
svilotės, sviltis
svildavausi, sviltis
svildavaisi, sviltis
svildavosi, sviltis
svildavomės, sviltis
svildavotės, sviltis
svilsiusi, sviltis
svilsisi, sviltis
svilsis, sviltis
svilsimės, sviltis
svilsitės, sviltis
svilčiausi, sviltis
sviltumeisi, sviltis
sviltųsi, sviltis
sviltu(mė)mės, sviltis
sviltu(mė)tės, sviltis
svirtis, svirtis
svyruosi, svirtis
svyriesi, svirtis
svyrasi, svirtis
svyramės, svirtis
svyratės, svirtis
svirks, svirtis
svirkitės, svirtis
svirkimės, svirtis
svirausi, svirtis
sviraisi, svirtis
svirosi, svirtis
sviromės, svirtis
svirotės, svirtis
svirdavausi, svirtis
svirdavaisi, svirtis
svirdavosi, svirtis
svirdavomės, svirtis
svirdavotės, svirtis
svirsiusi, svirtis
svirsisi, svirtis
svirsis, svirtis
svirsimės, svirtis
svirsitės, svirtis
svirčiausi, svirtis
svirtumeisi, svirtis
svirtųsi, svirtis
svirtu(mė)mės, svirtis
svirtu(mė)tės, svirtis
švistis, švistis
švintuosi, švistis
švintiesi, švistis
švintasi, švistis
švintamės, švistis
švintatės, švistis
švisks, švistis
šviskitės, švistis
šviskimės, švistis
švitausi, švistis
švitaisi, švistis
švitosi, švistis
švitomės, švistis
švitotės, švistis
švisdavausi, švistis
švisdavaisi, švistis
švisdavosi, švistis
švisdavomės, švistis
švisdavotės, švistis
švisiusi, švistis
švisisi, švistis
švisis, švistis
švisimės, švistis
švisitės, švistis
švisčiausi, švistis
švistumeisi, švistis
švistųsi, švistis
švistu(mė)mės, švistis
švistu(mė)tės, švistis
švokštis, švokštis
švokščiuosi, švokštis
švokščiesi, švokštis
švokščiasi, švokštis
švokščiamės, švokštis
švokščiatės, švokštis
švokšks, švokštis
švokškitės, švokštis
švokškimės, švokštis
švokšteisi, švokštis
švokštėsi, švokštis
švokštėmės, švokštis
švokštėtės, švokštis
švokšdavausi, švokštis
švokšdavaisi, švokštis
švokšdavosi, švokštis
švokšdavomės, švokštis
švokšdavotės, švokštis
švokššiusi, švokštis
švokššisi, švokštis
švokššis, švokštis
švokššimės, švokštis
švokššitės, švokštis
švokščiausi, švokštis
švokštumeisi, švokštis
švokštųsi, švokštis
švokštu(mė)mės, švokštis
švokštu(mė)tės, švokštis
svyruotis, svyruotis
svyruojuosi, svyruotis
svyruojiesi, svyruotis
svyruojasi, svyruotis
svyruojamės, svyruotis
svyruojatės, svyruotis
svyruoks, svyruotis
svyruokitės, svyruotis
svyruokimės, svyruotis
svyravausi, svyruotis
svyravaisi, svyruotis
svyravosi, svyruotis
svyravomės, svyruotis
svyravotės, svyruotis
svyruodavausi, svyruotis
svyruodavaisi, svyruotis
svyruodavosi, svyruotis
svyruodavomės, svyruotis
svyruodavotės, svyruotis
svyruosiusi, svyruotis
svyruosisi, svyruotis
svyruosis, svyruotis
svyruosimės, svyruotis
svyruositės, svyruotis
svyruočiausi, svyruotis
svyruotumeisi, svyruotis
svyruotųsi, svyruotis
svyruotu(mė)mės, svyruotis
svyruotu(mė)tės, svyruotis
švytėtis, švytėtis
švytiusi, švytėtis
švytisi, švytėtis
švytisi, švytėtis
švytimės, švytėtis
švytitės, švytėtis
švytėks, švytėtis
švytėkitės, švytėtis
švytėkimės, švytėtis
švytėjausi, švytėtis
švytėjaisi, švytėtis
švytėjosi, švytėtis
švytėjomės, švytėtis
švytėjotės, švytėtis
švytėdavausi, švytėtis
švytėdavaisi, švytėtis
švytėdavosi, švytėtis
švytėdavomės, švytėtis
švytėdavotės, švytėtis
švytėsiusi, švytėtis
švytėsisi, švytėtis
švytėsis, švytėtis
švytėsimės, švytėtis
švytėsitės, švytėtis
švytėčiausi, švytėtis
švytėtumeisi, švytėtis
švytėtųsi, švytėtis
švytėtu(mė)mės, švytėtis
švytėtu(mė)tės, švytėtis
šykštėtis, šykštėtis
šykštiusi, šykštėtis
šykštisi, šykštėtis
šykštisi, šykštėtis
šykštimės, šykštėtis
šykštitės, šykštėtis
šykštėks, šykštėtis
šykštėkitės, šykštėtis
šykštėkimės, šykštėtis
šykštėjausi, šykštėtis
šykštėjaisi, šykštėtis
šykštėjosi, šykštėtis
šykštėjomės, šykštėtis
šykštėjotės, šykštėtis
šykštėdavausi, šykštėtis
šykštėdavaisi, šykštėtis
šykštėdavosi, šykštėtis
šykštėdavomės, šykštėtis
šykštėdavotės, šykštėtis
šykštėsiusi, šykštėtis
šykštėsisi, šykštėtis
šykštėsis, šykštėtis
šykštėsimės, šykštėtis
šykštėsitės, šykštėtis
šykštėčiausi, šykštėtis
šykštėtumeisi, šykštėtis
šykštėtųsi, šykštėtis
šykštėtu(mė)mės, šykštėtis
šykštėtu(mė)tės, šykštėtis
šyptelėtis, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjuosi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjiesi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjasi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjamės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjatės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėks, šyptelėtis
šyptelėkitės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėkimės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjausi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjaisi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjosi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjomės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėjotės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėdavausi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėdavaisi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėdavosi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėdavomės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėdavotės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėsiusi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėsisi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėsis, šyptelėtis
šyptelėsimės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėsitės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėčiausi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėtumeisi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėtųsi, šyptelėtis
šyptelėtu(mė)mės, šyptelėtis
šyptelėtu(mė)tės, šyptelėtis
sysiotis, sysiotis
sysiojuosi, sysiotis
sysiojiesi, sysiotis
sysiojasi, sysiotis
sysiojamės, sysiotis
sysiojatės, sysiotis
sysioks, sysiotis
sysiokitės, sysiotis
sysiokimės, sysiotis
sysiojausi, sysiotis
sysiojaisi, sysiotis
sysiojosi, sysiotis
sysiojomės, sysiotis
sysiojotės, sysiotis
sysiodavausi, sysiotis
sysiodavaisi, sysiotis
sysiodavosi, sysiotis
sysiodavomės, sysiotis
sysiodavotės, sysiotis
sysiosiusi, sysiotis
sysiosisi, sysiotis
sysiosis, sysiotis
sysiosimės, sysiotis
sysiositės, sysiotis
sysiočiausi, sysiotis
sysiotumeisi, sysiotis
sysiotųsi, sysiotis
sysiotu(mė)mės, sysiotis
sysiotu(mė)tės, sysiotis
taikytis, taikytis
taikausi, taikytis
taikaisi, taikytis
taikosi, taikytis
taikomės, taikytis
taikotės, taikytis
taikyks, taikytis
taikykitės, taikytis
taikykimės, taikytis
taikiausi, taikytis
taikeisi, taikytis
taikėsi, taikytis
taikėmės, taikytis
taikėtės, taikytis
taikydavausi, taikytis
taikydavaisi, taikytis
taikydavosi, taikytis
taikydavomės, taikytis
taikydavotės, taikytis
taikysiusi, taikytis
taikysisi, taikytis
taikysis, taikytis
taikysimės, taikytis
taikysitės, taikytis
taikyčiausi, taikytis
taikytumeisi, taikytis
taikytųsi, taikytis
taikytu(mė)mės, taikytis
taikytu(mė)tės, taikytis
taisytis, taisytis
taisausi, taisytis
taisaisi, taisytis
taisosi, taisytis
taisomės, taisytis
taisotės, taisytis
taisyks, taisytis
taisykitės, taisytis
taisykimės, taisytis
taisiausi, taisytis
taiseisi, taisytis
taisėsi, taisytis
taisėmės, taisytis
taisėtės, taisytis
taisydavausi, taisytis
taisydavaisi, taisytis
taisydavosi, taisytis
taisydavomės, taisytis
taisydavotės, taisytis
taisysiusi, taisytis
taisysisi, taisytis
taisysis, taisytis
taisysimės, taisytis
taisysitės, taisytis
taisyčiausi, taisytis
taisytumeisi, taisytis
taisytųsi, taisytis
taisytu(mė)mės, taisytis
taisytu(mė)tės, taisytis
talpintis, talpintis
talpinuosi, talpintis
talpiniesi, talpintis
talpinasi, talpintis
talpinamės, talpintis
talpinatės, talpintis
talpinks, talpintis
talpinkitės, talpintis
talpinkimės, talpintis
talpinausi, talpintis
talpinaisi, talpintis
talpinosi, talpintis
talpinomės, talpintis
talpinotės, talpintis
talpindavausi, talpintis
talpindavaisi, talpintis
talpindavosi, talpintis
talpindavomės, talpintis
talpindavotės, talpintis
talpinsiusi, talpintis
talpinsisi, talpintis
talpinsis, talpintis
talpinsimės, talpintis
talpinsitės, talpintis
talpinčiausi, talpintis
talpintumeisi, talpintis
talpintųsi, talpintis
talpintu(mė)mės, talpintis
talpintu(mė)tės, talpintis
tampytis, tampytis
tampausi, tampytis
tampaisi, tampytis
tamposi, tampytis
tampomės, tampytis
tampotės, tampytis
tampyks, tampytis
tampykitės, tampytis
tampykimės, tampytis
tampiausi, tampytis
tampeisi, tampytis
tampėsi, tampytis
tampėmės, tampytis
tampėtės, tampytis
tampydavausi, tampytis
tampydavaisi, tampytis
tampydavosi, tampytis
tampydavomės, tampytis
tampydavotės, tampytis
tampysiusi, tampytis
tampysisi, tampytis
tampysis, tampytis
tampysimės, tampytis
tampysitės, tampytis
tampyčiausi, tampytis
tampytumeisi, tampytis
tampytųsi, tampytis
tampytu(mė)mės, tampytis
tampytu(mė)tės, tampytis
tamsėtis, tamsėtis
tamsėjuosi, tamsėtis
tamsėjiesi, tamsėtis
tamsėjasi, tamsėtis
tamsėjamės, tamsėtis
tamsėjatės, tamsėtis
tamsėks, tamsėtis
tamsėkitės, tamsėtis
tamsėkimės, tamsėtis
tamsėjausi, tamsėtis
tamsėjaisi, tamsėtis
tamsėjosi, tamsėtis
tamsėjomės, tamsėtis
tamsėjotės, tamsėtis
tamsėdavausi, tamsėtis
tamsėdavaisi, tamsėtis
tamsėdavosi, tamsėtis
tamsėdavomės, tamsėtis
tamsėdavotės, tamsėtis
tamsėsiusi, tamsėtis
tamsėsisi, tamsėtis
tamsėsis, tamsėtis
tamsėsimės, tamsėtis
tamsėsitės, tamsėtis
tamsėčiausi, tamsėtis
tamsėtumeisi, tamsėtis
tamsėtųsi, tamsėtis
tamsėtu(mė)mės, tamsėtis
tamsėtu(mė)tės, tamsėtis
tamsintis, tamsintis
tamsinuosi, tamsintis
tamsiniesi, tamsintis
tamsinasi, tamsintis
tamsinamės, tamsintis
tamsinatės, tamsintis
tamsinks, tamsintis
tamsinkitės, tamsintis
tamsinkimės, tamsintis
tamsinausi, tamsintis
tamsinaisi, tamsintis
tamsinosi, tamsintis
tamsinomės, tamsintis
tamsinotės, tamsintis
tamsindavausi, tamsintis
tamsindavaisi, tamsintis
tamsindavosi, tamsintis
tamsindavomės, tamsintis
tamsindavotės, tamsintis
tamsinsiusi, tamsintis
tamsinsisi, tamsintis
tamsinsis, tamsintis
tamsinsimės, tamsintis
tamsinsitės, tamsintis
tamsinčiausi, tamsintis
tamsintumeisi, tamsintis
tamsintųsi, tamsintis
tamsintu(mė)mės, tamsintis
tamsintu(mė)tės, tamsintis
tankintis, tankintis
tankinuosi, tankintis
tankiniesi, tankintis
tankinasi, tankintis
tankinamės, tankintis
tankinatės, tankintis
tankinks, tankintis
tankinkitės, tankintis
tankinkimės, tankintis
tankinausi, tankintis
tankinaisi, tankintis
tankinosi, tankintis
tankinomės, tankintis
tankinotės, tankintis
tankindavausi, tankintis
tankindavaisi, tankintis
tankindavosi, tankintis
tankindavomės, tankintis
tankindavotės, tankintis
tankinsiusi, tankintis
tankinsisi, tankintis
tankinsis, tankintis
tankinsimės, tankintis
tankinsitės, tankintis
tankinčiausi, tankintis
tankintumeisi, tankintis
tankintųsi, tankintis
tankintu(mė)mės, tankintis
tankintu(mė)tės, tankintis
tardytis, tardytis
tardžausi, tardytis
tardaisi, tardytis
tardosi, tardytis
tardomės, tardytis
tardotės, tardytis
tardyks, tardytis
tardykitės, tardytis
tardykimės, tardytis
tardeisi, tardytis
tardėsi, tardytis
tardėmės, tardytis
tardėtės, tardytis
tardydavausi, tardytis
tardydavaisi, tardytis
tardydavosi, tardytis
tardydavomės, tardytis
tardydavotės, tardytis
tardysiusi, tardytis
tardysisi, tardytis
tardysis, tardytis
tardysimės, tardytis
tardysitės, tardytis
tardyčiausi, tardytis
tardytumeisi, tardytis
tardytųsi, tardytis
tardytu(mė)mės, tardytis
tardytu(mė)tės, tardytis
tarkuotis, tarkuotis
tarkuojuosi, tarkuotis
tarkuojiesi, tarkuotis
tarkuojasi, tarkuotis
tarkuojamės, tarkuotis
tarkuojatės, tarkuotis
tarkuoks, tarkuotis
tarkuokitės, tarkuotis
tarkuokimės, tarkuotis
tarkavausi, tarkuotis
tarkavaisi, tarkuotis
tarkavosi, tarkuotis
tarkavomės, tarkuotis
tarkavotės, tarkuotis
tarkuodavausi, tarkuotis
tarkuodavaisi, tarkuotis
tarkuodavosi, tarkuotis
tarkuodavomės, tarkuotis
tarkuodavotės, tarkuotis
tarkuosiusi, tarkuotis
tarkuosisi, tarkuotis
tarkuosis, tarkuotis
tarkuosimės, tarkuotis
tarkuositės, tarkuotis
tarkuočiausi, tarkuotis
tarkuotumeisi, tarkuotis
tarkuotųsi, tarkuotis
tarkuotu(mė)mės, tarkuotis
tarkuotu(mė)tės, tarkuotis
tarnautis, tarnautis
tarnaujuosi, tarnautis
tarnaujiesi, tarnautis
tarnaujasi, tarnautis
tarnaujamės, tarnautis
tarnaujatės, tarnautis
tarnauks, tarnautis
tarnaukitės, tarnautis
tarnaukimės, tarnautis
tarnavausi, tarnautis
tarnavaisi, tarnautis
tarnavosi, tarnautis
tarnavomės, tarnautis
tarnavotės, tarnautis
tarnaudavausi, tarnautis
tarnaudavaisi, tarnautis
tarnaudavosi, tarnautis
tarnaudavomės, tarnautis
tarnaudavotės, tarnautis
tarnausiusi, tarnautis
tarnausisi, tarnautis
tarnausis, tarnautis
tarnausimės, tarnautis
tarnausitės, tarnautis
tarnaučiausi, tarnautis
tarnautumeisi, tarnautis
tarnautųsi, tarnautis
tarnautu(mė)mės, tarnautis
tarnautu(mė)tės, tarnautis
tarpininkautis, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaujuosi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaujiesi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaujasi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaujamės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaujatės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkauks, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaukitės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaukimės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkavausi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkavaisi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkavosi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkavomės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkavotės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaudavausi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaudavaisi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaudavosi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaudavomės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaudavotės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkausiusi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkausisi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkausis, tarpininkautis
tarpininkausimės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkausitės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkaučiausi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkautumeisi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkautųsi, tarpininkautis
tarpininkautu(mė)mės, tarpininkautis
tarpininkautu(mė)tės, tarpininkautis
tartis, tartis
tariuosi, tartis
tariesi, tartis
tariasi, tartis
tariamės, tartis
tariatės, tartis
tarks, tartis
tarkitės, tartis
tarkimės, tartis
tariausi, tartis
tareisi, tartis
tarėsi, tartis
tarėmės, tartis
tarėtės, tartis
tardavausi, tartis
tardavaisi, tartis
tardavosi, tartis
tardavomės, tartis
tardavotės, tartis
tarsiusi, tartis
tarsisi, tartis
tarsis, tartis
tarsimės, tartis
tarsitės, tartis
tarčiausi, tartis
tartumeisi, tartis
tartųsi, tartis
tartu(mė)mės, tartis
tartu(mė)tės, tartis
taškytis, taškytis
taškausi, taškytis
taškaisi, taškytis
taškosi, taškytis
taškomės, taškytis
taškotės, taškytis
taškyks, taškytis
taškykitės, taškytis
taškykimės, taškytis
taškiausi, taškytis
taškeisi, taškytis
taškėsi, taškytis
taškėmės, taškytis
taškėtės, taškytis
taškydavausi, taškytis
taškydavaisi, taškytis
taškydavosi, taškytis
taškydavomės, taškytis
taškydavotės, taškytis
taškysiusi, taškytis
taškysisi, taškytis
taškysis, taškytis
taškysimės, taškytis
taškysitės, taškytis
taškyčiausi, taškytis
taškytumeisi, taškytis
taškytųsi, taškytis
taškytu(mė)mės, taškytis
taškytu(mė)tės, taškytis
tašytis, tašytis
tašausi, tašytis
tašaisi, tašytis
tašosi, tašytis
tašomės, tašytis
tašotės, tašytis
tašyks, tašytis
tašykitės, tašytis
tašykimės, tašytis
tašiausi, tašytis
tašeisi, tašytis
tašėsi, tašytis
tašėmės, tašytis
tašėtės, tašytis
tašydavausi, tašytis
tašydavaisi, tašytis
tašydavosi, tašytis
tašydavomės, tašytis
tašydavotės, tašytis
tašysiusi, tašytis
tašysisi, tašytis
tašysis, tašytis
tašysimės, tašytis
tašysitės, tašytis
tašyčiausi, tašytis
tašytumeisi, tašytis
tašytųsi, tašytis
tašytu(mė)mės, tašytis
tašytu(mė)tės, tašytis
taukštis, taukštis
tauškiuosi, taukštis
tauškiesi, taukštis
tauškiasi, taukštis
tauškiamės, taukštis
tauškiatės, taukštis
taukšks, taukštis
taukškitės, taukštis
taukškimės, taukštis
tauškiausi, taukštis
tauškeisi, taukštis
tauškėsi, taukštis
tauškėmės, taukštis
tauškėtės, taukštis
taukšdavausi, taukštis
taukšdavaisi, taukštis
taukšdavosi, taukštis
taukšdavomės, taukštis
taukšdavotės, taukštis
taukššiusi, taukštis
taukššisi, taukštis
taukššis, taukštis
taukššimės, taukštis
taukššitės, taukštis
taukščiausi, taukštis
taukštumeisi, taukštis
taukštųsi, taukštis
taukštu(mė)mės, taukštis
taukštu(mė)tės, taukštis
taupytis, taupytis
taupausi, taupytis
taupaisi, taupytis
tauposi, taupytis
taupomės, taupytis
taupotės, taupytis
taupyks, taupytis
taupykitės, taupytis
taupykimės, taupytis
taupiausi, taupytis
taupeisi, taupytis
taupėsi, taupytis
taupėmės, taupytis
taupėtės, taupytis
taupydavausi, taupytis
taupydavaisi, taupytis
taupydavosi, taupytis
taupydavomės, taupytis
taupydavotės, taupytis
taupysiusi, taupytis
taupysisi, taupytis
taupysis, taupytis
taupysimės, taupytis
taupysitės, taupytis
taupyčiausi, taupytis
taupytumeisi, taupytis
taupytųsi, taupytis
taupytu(mė)mės, taupytis
taupytu(mė)tės, taupytis
tausotis, tausotis
tausojuosi, tausotis
tausojiesi, tausotis
tausojasi, tausotis
tausojamės, tausotis
tausojatės, tausotis
tausoks, tausotis
tausokitės, tausotis
tausokimės, tausotis
tausojausi, tausotis
tausojaisi, tausotis
tausojosi, tausotis
tausojomės, tausotis
tausojotės, tausotis
tausodavausi, tausotis
tausodavaisi, tausotis
tausodavosi, tausotis
tausodavomės, tausotis
tausodavotės, tausotis
tausosiusi, tausotis
tausosisi, tausotis
tausosis, tausotis
tausosimės, tausotis
tausositės, tausotis
tausočiausi, tausotis
tausotumeisi, tausotis
tausotųsi, tausotis
tausotu(mė)mės, tausotis
tausotu(mė)tės, tausotis
tebebūtis, tebebūtis
tebebūnuosi, tebebūtis
tebebūniesi, tebebūtis
tebebūnasi, tebebūtis
tebebūnamės, tebebūtis
tebebūnatės, tebebūtis
tebebūks, tebebūtis
tebebūkitės, tebebūtis
tebebūkimės, tebebūtis
tebebuvausi, tebebūtis
tebebuvaisi, tebebūtis
tebebuvosi, tebebūtis
tebebuvomės, tebebūtis
tebebuvotės, tebebūtis
tebebūdavausi, tebebūtis
tebebūdavaisi, tebebūtis
tebebūdavosi, tebebūtis
tebebūdavomės, tebebūtis
tebebūdavotės, tebebūtis
tebebūsiusi, tebebūtis
tebebūsisi, tebebūtis
tebebūsis, tebebūtis
tebebūsimės, tebebūtis
tebebūsitės, tebebūtis
tebebūčiausi, tebebūtis
tebebūtumeisi, tebebūtis
tebebūtųsi, tebebūtis
tebebūtu(mė)mės, tebebūtis
tebebūtu(mė)tės, tebebūtis
teigtis, teigtis
teigiuosi, teigtis
teigiesi, teigtis
teigiasi, teigtis
teigiamės, teigtis
teigiatės, teigtis
teiks, teigtis
teikitės, teigtis
teikimės, teigtis
teigiausi, teigtis
teigeisi, teigtis
teigėsi, teigtis
teigėmės, teigtis
teigėtės, teigtis
teigdavausi, teigtis
teigdavaisi, teigtis
teigdavosi, teigtis
teigdavomės, teigtis
teigdavotės, teigtis
teigsiusi, teigtis
teigsisi, teigtis
teigsis, teigtis
teigsimės, teigtis
teigsitės, teigtis
teigčiausi, teigtis
teigtumeisi, teigtis
teigtųsi, teigtis
teigtu(mė)mės, teigtis
teigtu(mė)tės, teigtis
teiktis, teiktis
teikiuosi, teiktis
teikiesi, teiktis
teikiasi, teiktis
teikiamės, teiktis
teikiatės, teiktis
teiks, teiktis
teikitės, teiktis
teikimės, teiktis
teikiausi, teiktis
teikeisi, teiktis
teikėsi, teiktis
teikėmės, teiktis
teikėtės, teiktis
teikdavausi, teiktis
teikdavaisi, teiktis
teikdavosi, teiktis
teikdavomės, teiktis
teikdavotės, teiktis
teiksiusi, teiktis
teiksisi, teiktis
teiksis, teiktis
teiksimės, teiktis
teiksitės, teiktis
teikčiausi, teiktis
teiktumeisi, teiktis
teiktųsi, teiktis
teiktu(mė)mės, teiktis
teiktu(mė)tės, teiktis
teisintis, teisintis
teisinuosi, teisintis
teisiniesi, teisintis
teisinasi, teisintis
teisinamės, teisintis
teisinatės, teisintis
teisinks, teisintis
teisinkitės, teisintis
teisinkimės, teisintis
teisinausi, teisintis
teisinaisi, teisintis
teisinosi, teisintis
teisinomės, teisintis
teisinotės, teisintis
teisindavausi, teisintis
teisindavaisi, teisintis
teisindavosi, teisintis
teisindavomės, teisintis
teisindavotės, teisintis
teisinsiusi, teisintis
teisinsisi, teisintis
teisinsis, teisintis
teisinsimės, teisintis
teisinsitės, teisintis
teisinčiausi, teisintis
teisintumeisi, teisintis
teisintųsi, teisintis
teisintu(mė)mės, teisintis
teisintu(mė)tės, teisintis
teistis, teistis
teisiuosi, teistis
teisiesi, teistis
teisiasi, teistis
teisiamės, teistis
teisiatės, teistis
teisks, teistis
teiskitės, teistis
teiskimės, teistis
teisiausi, teistis
teiseisi, teistis
teisėsi, teistis
teisėmės, teistis
teisėtės, teistis
teisdavausi, teistis
teisdavaisi, teistis
teisdavosi, teistis
teisdavomės, teistis
teisdavotės, teistis
teisiusi, teistis
teisisi, teistis
teisis, teistis
teisimės, teistis
teisitės, teistis
teisčiausi, teistis
teistumeisi, teistis
teistųsi, teistis
teistu(mė)mės, teistis
teistu(mė)tės, teistis
tekėtis, tekėtis
tekuosi, tekėtis
tekiesi, tekėtis
tekasi, tekėtis
tekamės, tekėtis
tekatės, tekėtis
tekėks, tekėtis
tekėkitės, tekėtis
tekėkimės, tekėtis
tekėjausi, tekėtis
tekėjaisi, tekėtis
tekėjosi, tekėtis
tekėjomės, tekėtis
tekėjotės, tekėtis
tekėdavausi, tekėtis
tekėdavaisi, tekėtis
tekėdavosi, tekėtis
tekėdavomės, tekėtis
tekėdavotės, tekėtis
tekėsiusi, tekėtis
tekėsisi, tekėtis
tekėsis, tekėtis
tekėsimės, tekėtis
tekėsitės, tekėtis
tekėčiausi, tekėtis
tekėtumeisi, tekėtis
tekėtųsi, tekėtis
tekėtu(mė)mės, tekėtis
tekėtu(mė)tės, tekėtis
tekintis, tekintis
tekinuosi, tekintis
tekiniesi, tekintis
tekinasi, tekintis
tekinamės, tekintis
tekinatės, tekintis
tekinks, tekintis
tekinkitės, tekintis
tekinkimės, tekintis
tekinausi, tekintis
tekinaisi, tekintis
tekinosi, tekintis
tekinomės, tekintis
tekinotės, tekintis
tekindavausi, tekintis
tekindavaisi, tekintis
tekindavosi, tekintis
tekindavomės, tekintis
tekindavotės, tekintis
tekinsiusi, tekintis
tekinsisi, tekintis
tekinsis, tekintis
tekinsimės, tekintis
tekinsitės, tekintis
tekinčiausi, tekintis
tekintumeisi, tekintis
tekintųsi, tekintis
tekintu(mė)mės, tekintis
tekintu(mė)tės, tekintis
tektis, tektis
tenkuosi, tektis
tenkiesi, tektis
tenkasi, tektis
tenkamės, tektis
tenkatės, tektis
teks, tektis
tekitės, tektis
tekimės, tektis
tekausi, tektis
tekaisi, tektis
tekosi, tektis
tekomės, tektis
tekotės, tektis
tekdavausi, tektis
tekdavaisi, tektis
tekdavosi, tektis
tekdavomės, tektis
tekdavotės, tektis
teksiusi, tektis
teksisi, tektis
teksis, tektis
teksimės, tektis
teksitės, tektis
tekčiausi, tektis
tektumeisi, tektis
tektųsi, tektis
tektu(mė)mės, tektis
tektu(mė)tės, tektis
telktis, telktis
telkiuosi, telktis
telkiesi, telktis
telkiasi, telktis
telkiamės, telktis
telkiatės, telktis
telks, telktis
telkitės, telktis
telkimės, telktis
telkiausi, telktis
telkeisi, telktis
telkėsi, telktis
telkėmės, telktis
telkėtės, telktis
telkdavausi, telktis
telkdavaisi, telktis
telkdavosi, telktis
telkdavomės, telktis
telkdavotės, telktis
telksiusi, telktis
telksisi, telktis
telksis, telktis
telksimės, telktis
telksitės, telktis
telkčiausi, telktis
telktumeisi, telktis
telktųsi, telktis
telktu(mė)mės, telktis
telktu(mė)tės, telktis
temdytis, temdytis
temdžausi, temdytis
temdaisi, temdytis
temdosi, temdytis
temdomės, temdytis
temdotės, temdytis
temdyks, temdytis
temdykitės, temdytis
temdykimės, temdytis
temdeisi, temdytis
temdėsi, temdytis
temdėmės, temdytis
temdėtės, temdytis
temdydavausi, temdytis
temdydavaisi, temdytis
temdydavosi, temdytis
temdydavomės, temdytis
temdydavotės, temdytis
temdysiusi, temdytis
temdysisi, temdytis
temdysis, temdytis
temdysimės, temdytis
temdysitės, temdytis
temdyčiausi, temdytis
temdytumeisi, temdytis
temdytųsi, temdytis
temdytu(mė)mės, temdytis
temdytu(mė)tės, temdytis
temptis, temptis
tempiuosi, temptis
tempiesi, temptis
tempiasi, temptis
tempiamės, temptis
tempiatės, temptis
tempks, temptis
tempkitės, temptis
tempkimės, temptis
tempiausi, temptis
tempeisi, temptis
tempėsi, temptis
tempėmės, temptis
tempėtės, temptis
tempdavausi, temptis
tempdavaisi, temptis
tempdavosi, temptis
tempdavomės, temptis
tempdavotės, temptis
tempsiusi, temptis
tempsisi, temptis
tempsis, temptis
tempsimės, temptis
tempsitės, temptis
tempčiausi, temptis
temptumeisi, temptis
temptųsi, temptis
temptu(mė)mės, temptis
temptu(mė)tės, temptis
temtis, temtis
temstuosi, temtis
temstiesi, temtis
temstasi, temtis
temstamės, temtis
temstatės, temtis
temks, temtis
temkitės, temtis
temkimės, temtis
temausi, temtis
temaisi, temtis
temosi, temtis
temomės, temtis
temotės, temtis
temdavausi, temtis
temdavaisi, temtis
temdavosi, temtis
temdavomės, temtis
temdavotės, temtis
temsiusi, temtis
temsisi, temtis
temsis, temtis
temsimės, temtis
temsitės, temtis
temčiausi, temtis
temtumeisi, temtis
temtųsi, temtis
temtu(mė)mės, temtis
temtu(mė)tės, temtis
tenkintis, tenkintis
tenkinuosi, tenkintis
tenkiniesi, tenkintis
tenkinasi, tenkintis
tenkinamės, tenkintis
tenkinatės, tenkintis
tenkinks, tenkintis
tenkinkitės, tenkintis
tenkinkimės, tenkintis
tenkinausi, tenkintis
tenkinaisi, tenkintis
tenkinosi, tenkintis
tenkinomės, tenkintis
tenkinotės, tenkintis
tenkindavausi, tenkintis
tenkindavaisi, tenkintis
tenkindavosi, tenkintis
tenkindavomės, tenkintis
tenkindavotės, tenkintis
tenkinsiusi, tenkintis
tenkinsisi, tenkintis
tenkinsis, tenkintis
tenkinsimės, tenkintis
tenkinsitės, tenkintis
tenkinčiausi, tenkintis
tenkintumeisi, tenkintis
tenkintųsi, tenkintis
tenkintu(mė)mės, tenkintis
tenkintu(mė)tės, tenkintis
teptis, teptis
tepuosi, teptis
tepiesi, teptis
tepasi, teptis
tepamės, teptis
tepatės, teptis
tepks, teptis
tepkitės, teptis
tepkimės, teptis
tepiausi, teptis
tepeisi, teptis
tepėsi, teptis
tepėmės, teptis
tepėtės, teptis
tepdavausi, teptis
tepdavaisi, teptis
tepdavosi, teptis
tepdavomės, teptis
tepdavotės, teptis
tepsiusi, teptis
tepsisi, teptis
tepsis, teptis
tepsimės, teptis
tepsitės, teptis
tepčiausi, teptis
teptumeisi, teptis
teptųsi, teptis
teptu(mė)mės, teptis
teptu(mė)tės, teptis
terštis, terštis
teršiuosi, terštis
teršiesi, terštis
teršiasi, terštis
teršiamės, terštis
teršiatės, terštis
teršks, terštis
terškitės, terštis
terškimės, terštis
teršiausi, terštis
teršeisi, terštis
teršėsi, terštis
teršėmės, terštis
teršėtės, terštis
teršdavausi, terštis
teršdavaisi, terštis
teršdavosi, terštis
teršdavomės, terštis
teršdavotės, terštis
terššiusi, terštis
terššisi, terštis
terššis, terštis
terššimės, terštis
terššitės, terštis
terščiausi, terštis
terštumeisi, terštis
terštųsi, terštis
terštu(mė)mės, terštis
terštu(mė)tės, terštis
tęštis, tęštis
tešiuosi, tęštis
tešiesi, tęštis
tešiasi, tęštis
tešiamės, tęštis
tešiatės, tęštis
tęšks, tęštis
tęškitės, tęštis
tęškimės, tęštis
tėšiausi, tęštis
tėšeisi, tęštis
tėšėsi, tęštis
tėšėmės, tęštis
tėšėtės, tęštis
tęšdavausi, tęštis
tęšdavaisi, tęštis
tęšdavosi, tęštis
tęšdavomės, tęštis
tęšdavotės, tęštis
tęššiusi, tęštis
tęššisi, tęštis
tęššis, tęštis
tęššimės, tęštis
tęššitės, tęštis
tęščiausi, tęštis
tęštumeisi, tęštis
tęštųsi, tęštis
tęštu(mė)mės, tęštis
tęštu(mė)tės, tęštis
testuotis, testuotis
testuojuosi, testuotis
testuojiesi, testuotis
testuojasi, testuotis
testuojamės, testuotis
testuojatės, testuotis
testuoks, testuotis
testuokitės, testuotis
testuokimės, testuotis
testavausi, testuotis
testavaisi, testuotis
testavosi, testuotis
testavomės, testuotis
testavotės, testuotis
testuodavausi, testuotis
testuodavaisi, testuotis
testuodavosi, testuotis
testuodavomės, testuotis
testuodavotės, testuotis
testuosiusi, testuotis
testuosisi, testuotis
testuosis, testuotis
testuosimės, testuotis
testuositės, testuotis
testuočiausi, testuotis
testuotumeisi, testuotis
testuotųsi, testuotis
testuotu(mė)mės, testuotis
testuotu(mė)tės, testuotis
težtis, težtis
tęžtuosi, težtis
tęžtiesi, težtis
tęžtasi, težtis
tęžtamės, težtis
tęžtatės, težtis
težks, težtis
težkitės, težtis
težkimės, težtis
težausi, težtis
težaisi, težtis
težosi, težtis
težomės, težtis
težotės, težtis
teždavausi, težtis
teždavaisi, težtis
teždavosi, težtis
teždavomės, težtis
teždavotės, težtis
težšiusi, težtis
težšisi, težtis
težšis, težtis
težšimės, težtis
težšitės, težtis
težčiausi, težtis
težtumeisi, težtis
težtųsi, težtis
težtu(mė)mės, težtis
težtu(mė)tės, težtis
tiektis, tiektis
tiekiuosi, tiektis
tiekiesi, tiektis
tiekiasi, tiektis
tiekiamės, tiektis
tiekiatės, tiektis
tieks, tiektis
tiekitės, tiektis
tiekimės, tiektis
tiekiausi, tiektis
tiekeisi, tiektis
tiekėsi, tiektis
tiekėmės, tiektis
tiekėtės, tiektis
tiekdavausi, tiektis
tiekdavaisi, tiektis
tiekdavosi, tiektis
tiekdavomės, tiektis
tiekdavotės, tiektis
tieksiusi, tiektis
tieksisi, tiektis
tieksis, tiektis
tieksimės, tiektis
tieksitės, tiektis
tiekčiausi, tiektis
tiektumeisi, tiektis
tiektųsi, tiektis
tiektu(mė)mės, tiektis
tiektu(mė)tės, tiektis
tiestis, tiestis
tiesiuosi, tiestis
tiesiesi, tiestis
tiesiasi, tiestis
tiesiamės, tiestis
tiesiatės, tiestis
tiesks, tiestis
tieskitės, tiestis
tieskimės, tiestis
tiesiausi, tiestis
tieseisi, tiestis
tiesėsi, tiestis
tiesėmės, tiestis
tiesėtės, tiestis
tiesdavausi, tiestis
tiesdavaisi, tiestis
tiesdavosi, tiestis
tiesdavomės, tiestis
tiesdavotės, tiestis
tiesiusi, tiestis
tiesisi, tiestis
tiesis, tiestis
tiesimės, tiestis
tiesitės, tiestis
tiesčiausi, tiestis
tiestumeisi, tiestis
tiestųsi, tiestis
tiestu(mė)mės, tiestis
tiestu(mė)tės, tiestis
tikėtis, tikėtis
tikiusi, tikėtis
tikisi, tikėtis
tikisi, tikėtis
tikimės, tikėtis
tikitės, tikėtis
tikėks, tikėtis
tikėkitės, tikėtis
tikėkimės, tikėtis
tikėjausi, tikėtis
tikėjaisi, tikėtis
tikėjosi, tikėtis
tikėjomės, tikėtis
tikėjotės, tikėtis
tikėdavausi, tikėtis
tikėdavaisi, tikėtis
tikėdavosi, tikėtis
tikėdavomės, tikėtis
tikėdavotės, tikėtis
tikėsiusi, tikėtis
tikėsisi, tikėtis
tikėsis, tikėtis
tikėsimės, tikėtis
tikėsitės, tikėtis
tikėčiausi, tikėtis
tikėtumeisi, tikėtis
tikėtųsi, tikėtis
tikėtu(mė)mės, tikėtis
tikėtu(mė)tės, tikėtis
tikintis, tikintis
tikinuosi, tikintis
tikiniesi, tikintis
tikinasi, tikintis
tikinamės, tikintis
tikinatės, tikintis
tikinks, tikintis
tikinkitės, tikintis
tikinkimės, tikintis
tikinausi, tikintis
tikinaisi, tikintis
tikinosi, tikintis
tikinomės, tikintis
tikinotės, tikintis
tikindavausi, tikintis
tikindavaisi, tikintis
tikindavosi, tikintis
tikindavomės, tikintis
tikindavotės, tikintis
tikinsiusi, tikintis
tikinsisi, tikintis
tikinsis, tikintis
tikinsimės, tikintis
tikinsitės, tikintis
tikinčiausi, tikintis
tikintumeisi, tikintis
tikintųsi, tikintis
tikintu(mė)mės, tikintis
tikintu(mė)tės, tikintis
tikrėtis, tikrėtis
tikrėjuosi, tikrėtis
tikrėjiesi, tikrėtis
tikrėjasi, tikrėtis
tikrėjamės, tikrėtis
tikrėjatės, tikrėtis
tikrėks, tikrėtis
tikrėkitės, tikrėtis
tikrėkimės, tikrėtis
tikrėjausi, tikrėtis
tikrėjaisi, tikrėtis
tikrėjosi, tikrėtis
tikrėjomės, tikrėtis
tikrėjotės, tikrėtis
tikrėdavausi, tikrėtis
tikrėdavaisi, tikrėtis
tikrėdavosi, tikrėtis
tikrėdavomės, tikrėtis
tikrėdavotės, tikrėtis
tikrėsiusi, tikrėtis
tikrėsisi, tikrėtis
tikrėsis, tikrėtis
tikrėsimės, tikrėtis
tikrėsitės, tikrėtis
tikrėčiausi, tikrėtis
tikrėtumeisi, tikrėtis
tikrėtųsi, tikrėtis
tikrėtu(mė)mės, tikrėtis
tikrėtu(mė)tės, tikrėtis
tikrintis, tikrintis
tikrinuosi, tikrintis
tikriniesi, tikrintis
tikrinasi, tikrintis
tikrinamės, tikrintis
tikrinatės, tikrintis
tikrinks, tikrintis
tikrinkitės, tikrintis
tikrinkimės, tikrintis
tikrinausi, tikrintis
tikrinaisi, tikrintis
tikrinosi, tikrintis
tikrinomės, tikrintis
tikrinotės, tikrintis
tikrindavausi, tikrintis
tikrindavaisi, tikrintis
tikrindavosi, tikrintis
tikrindavomės, tikrintis
tikrindavotės, tikrintis
tikrinsiusi, tikrintis
tikrinsisi, tikrintis
tikrinsis, tikrintis
tikrinsimės, tikrintis
tikrinsitės, tikrintis
tikrinčiausi, tikrintis
tikrintumeisi, tikrintis
tikrintųsi, tikrintis
tikrintu(mė)mės, tikrintis
tikrintu(mė)tės, tikrintis
tiksėtis, tiksėtis
tiksiusi, tiksėtis
tiksisi, tiksėtis
tiksisi, tiksėtis
tiksimės, tiksėtis
tiksitės, tiksėtis
tiksėks, tiksėtis
tiksėkitės, tiksėtis
tiksėkimės, tiksėtis
tiksėjausi, tiksėtis
tiksėjaisi, tiksėtis
tiksėjosi, tiksėtis
tiksėjomės, tiksėtis
tiksėjotės, tiksėtis
tiksėdavausi, tiksėtis
tiksėdavaisi, tiksėtis
tiksėdavosi, tiksėtis
tiksėdavomės, tiksėtis
tiksėdavotės, tiksėtis
tiksėsiusi, tiksėtis
tiksėsisi, tiksėtis
tiksėsis, tiksėtis
tiksėsimės, tiksėtis
tiksėsitės, tiksėtis
tiksėčiausi, tiksėtis
tiksėtumeisi, tiksėtis
tiksėtųsi, tiksėtis
tiksėtu(mė)mės, tiksėtis
tiksėtu(mė)tės, tiksėtis
tikštis, tikštis
tyškuosi, tikštis
tyškiesi, tikštis
tyškasi, tikštis
tyškamės, tikštis
tyškatės, tikštis
tikšks, tikštis
tikškitės, tikštis
tikškimės, tikštis
tiškausi, tikštis
tiškaisi, tikštis
tiškosi, tikštis
tiškomės, tikštis
tiškotės, tikštis
tikšdavausi, tikštis
tikšdavaisi, tikštis
tikšdavosi, tikštis
tikšdavomės, tikštis
tikšdavotės, tikštis
tikššiusi, tikštis
tikššisi, tikštis
tikššis, tikštis
tikššimės, tikštis
tikššitės, tikštis
tikščiausi, tikštis
tikštumeisi, tikštis
tikštųsi, tikštis
tikštu(mė)mės, tikštis
tikštu(mė)tės, tikštis
tiktis, tiktis
tinkuosi, tiktis
tinkiesi, tiktis
tinkasi, tiktis
tinkamės, tiktis
tinkatės, tiktis
tiks, tiktis
tikitės, tiktis
tikimės, tiktis
tikausi, tiktis
tikaisi, tiktis
tikosi, tiktis
tikomės, tiktis
tikotės, tiktis
tikdavausi, tiktis
tikdavaisi, tiktis
tikdavosi, tiktis
tikdavomės, tiktis
tikdavotės, tiktis
tiksiusi, tiktis
tiksisi, tiktis
tiksis, tiktis
tiksimės, tiktis
tiksitės, tiktis
tikčiausi, tiktis
tiktumeisi, tiktis
tiktųsi, tiktis
tiktu(mė)mės, tiktis
tiktu(mė)tės, tiktis
tildytis, tildytis
tildžausi, tildytis
tildaisi, tildytis
tildosi, tildytis
tildomės, tildytis
tildotės, tildytis
tildyks, tildytis
tildykitės, tildytis
tildykimės, tildytis
tildeisi, tildytis
tildėsi, tildytis
tildėmės, tildytis
tildėtės, tildytis
tildydavausi, tildytis
tildydavaisi, tildytis
tildydavosi, tildytis
tildydavomės, tildytis
tildydavotės, tildytis
tildysiusi, tildytis
tildysisi, tildytis
tildysis, tildytis
tildysimės, tildytis
tildysitės, tildytis
tildyčiausi, tildytis
tildytumeisi, tildytis
tildytųsi, tildytis
tildytu(mė)mės, tildytis
tildytu(mė)tės, tildytis
tilptis, tilptis
telpuosi, tilptis
telpiesi, tilptis
telpasi, tilptis
telpamės, tilptis
telpatės, tilptis
tilpks, tilptis
tilpkitės, tilptis
tilpkimės, tilptis
tilpausi, tilptis
tilpaisi, tilptis
tilposi, tilptis
tilpomės, tilptis
tilpotės, tilptis
tilpdavausi, tilptis
tilpdavaisi, tilptis
tilpdavosi, tilptis
tilpdavomės, tilptis
tilpdavotės, tilptis
tilpsiusi, tilptis
tilpsisi, tilptis
tilpsis, tilptis
tilpsimės, tilptis
tilpsitės, tilptis
tilpčiausi, tilptis
tilptumeisi, tilptis
tilptųsi, tilptis
tilptu(mė)mės, tilptis
tilptu(mė)tės, tilptis
tiltis, tiltis
tilstuosi, tiltis
tilstiesi, tiltis
tilstasi, tiltis
tilstamės, tiltis
tilstatės, tiltis
tilks, tiltis
tilkitės, tiltis
tilkimės, tiltis
tilausi, tiltis
tilaisi, tiltis
tilosi, tiltis
tilomės, tiltis
tilotės, tiltis
tildavausi, tiltis
tildavaisi, tiltis
tildavosi, tiltis
tildavomės, tiltis
tildavotės, tiltis
tilsiusi, tiltis
tilsisi, tiltis
tilsis, tiltis
tilsimės, tiltis
tilsitės, tiltis
tilčiausi, tiltis
tiltumeisi, tiltis
tiltųsi, tiltis
tiltu(mė)mės, tiltis
tiltu(mė)tės, tiltis
timptelėtis, timptelėtis
timptelėjuosi, timptelėtis
timptelėjiesi, timptelėtis
timptelėjasi, timptelėtis
timptelėjamės, timptelėtis
timptelėjatės, timptelėtis
timptelėks, timptelėtis
timptelėkitės, timptelėtis
timptelėkimės, timptelėtis
timptelėjausi, timptelėtis
timptelėjaisi, timptelėtis
timptelėjosi, timptelėtis
timptelėjomės, timptelėtis
timptelėjotės, timptelėtis
timptelėdavausi, timptelėtis
timptelėdavaisi, timptelėtis
timptelėdavosi, timptelėtis
timptelėdavomės, timptelėtis
timptelėdavotės, timptelėtis
timptelėsiusi, timptelėtis
timptelėsisi, timptelėtis
timptelėsis, timptelėtis
timptelėsimės, timptelėtis
timptelėsitės, timptelėtis
timptelėčiausi, timptelėtis
timptelėtumeisi, timptelėtis
timptelėtųsi, timptelėtis
timptelėtu(mė)mės, timptelėtis
timptelėtu(mė)tės, timptelėtis
tingėtis, tingėtis
tingiusi, tingėtis
tingisi, tingėtis
tingisi, tingėtis
tingimės, tingėtis
tingitės, tingėtis
tingėks, tingėtis
tingėkitės, tingėtis
tingėkimės, tingėtis
tingėjausi, tingėtis
tingėjaisi, tingėtis
tingėjosi, tingėtis
tingėjomės, tingėtis
tingėjotės, tingėtis
tingėdavausi, tingėtis
tingėdavaisi, tingėtis
tingėdavosi, tingėtis
tingėdavomės, tingėtis
tingėdavotės, tingėtis
tingėsiusi, tingėtis
tingėsisi, tingėtis
tingėsis, tingėtis
tingėsimės, tingėtis
tingėsitės, tingėtis
tingėčiausi, tingėtis
tingėtumeisi, tingėtis
tingėtųsi, tingėtis
tingėtu(mė)mės, tingėtis
tingėtu(mė)tės, tingėtis
tinginiautis, tinginiautis
tinginiaujuosi, tinginiautis
tinginiaujiesi, tinginiautis
tinginiaujasi, tinginiautis
tinginiaujamės, tinginiautis
tinginiaujatės, tinginiautis
tinginiauks, tinginiautis
tinginiaukitės, tinginiautis
tinginiaukimės, tinginiautis
tinginiavausi, tinginiautis
tinginiavaisi, tinginiautis
tinginiavosi, tinginiautis
tinginiavomės, tinginiautis
tinginiavotės, tinginiautis
tinginiaudavausi, tinginiautis
tinginiaudavaisi, tinginiautis
tinginiaudavosi, tinginiautis
tinginiaudavomės, tinginiautis
tinginiaudavotės, tinginiautis
tinginiausiusi, tinginiautis
tinginiausisi, tinginiautis
tinginiausis, tinginiautis
tinginiausimės, tinginiautis
tinginiausitės, tinginiautis
tinginiaučiausi, tinginiautis
tinginiautumeisi, tinginiautis
tinginiautųsi, tinginiautis
tinginiautu(mė)mės, tinginiautis
tinginiautu(mė)tės, tinginiautis
tingtis, tingtis
tingstuosi, tingtis
tingstiesi, tingtis
tingstasi, tingtis
tingstamės, tingtis
tingstatės, tingtis
tinks, tingtis
tinkitės, tingtis
tinkimės, tingtis
tingausi, tingtis
tingaisi, tingtis
tingosi, tingtis
tingomės, tingtis
tingotės, tingtis
tingdavausi, tingtis
tingdavaisi, tingtis
tingdavosi, tingtis
tingdavomės, tingtis
tingdavotės, tingtis
tingsiusi, tingtis
tingsisi, tingtis
tingsis, tingtis
tingsimės, tingtis
tingsitės, tingtis
tingčiausi, tingtis
tingtumeisi, tingtis
tingtųsi, tingtis
tingtu(mė)mės, tingtis
tingtu(mė)tės, tingtis
tintis, tintis
tinstuosi, tintis
tinstiesi, tintis
tinstasi, tintis
tinstamės, tintis
tinstatės, tintis
tinks, tintis
tinkitės, tintis
tinkimės, tintis
tinausi, tintis
tinaisi, tintis
tinosi, tintis
tinomės, tintis
tinotės, tintis
tindavausi, tintis
tindavaisi, tintis
tindavosi, tintis
tindavomės, tintis
tindavotės, tintis
tinsiusi, tintis
tinsisi, tintis
tinsis, tintis
tinsimės, tintis
tinsitės, tintis
tinčiausi, tintis
tintumeisi, tintis
tintųsi, tintis
tintu(mė)mės, tintis
tintu(mė)tės, tintis
tirpdytis, tirpdytis
tirpdžausi, tirpdytis
tirpdaisi, tirpdytis
tirpdosi, tirpdytis
tirpdomės, tirpdytis
tirpdotės, tirpdytis
tirpdyks, tirpdytis
tirpdykitės, tirpdytis
tirpdykimės, tirpdytis
tirpdeisi, tirpdytis
tirpdėsi, tirpdytis
tirpdėmės, tirpdytis
tirpdėtės, tirpdytis
tirpdydavausi, tirpdytis
tirpdydavaisi, tirpdytis
tirpdydavosi, tirpdytis
tirpdydavomės, tirpdytis
tirpdydavotės, tirpdytis
tirpdysiusi, tirpdytis
tirpdysisi, tirpdytis
tirpdysis, tirpdytis
tirpdysimės, tirpdytis
tirpdysitės, tirpdytis
tirpdyčiausi, tirpdytis
tirpdytumeisi, tirpdytis
tirpdytųsi, tirpdytis
tirpdytu(mė)mės, tirpdytis
tirpdytu(mė)tės, tirpdytis
tirptis, tirptis
tirpstuosi, tirptis
tirpstiesi, tirptis
tirpstasi, tirptis
tirpstamės, tirptis
tirpstatės, tirptis
tirpks, tirptis
tirpkitės, tirptis
tirpkimės, tirptis
tirpausi, tirptis
tirpaisi, tirptis
tirposi, tirptis
tirpomės, tirptis
tirpotės, tirptis
tirpdavausi, tirptis
tirpdavaisi, tirptis
tirpdavosi, tirptis
tirpdavomės, tirptis
tirpdavotės, tirptis
tirpsiusi, tirptis
tirpsisi, tirptis
tirpsis, tirptis
tirpsimės, tirptis
tirpsitės, tirptis
tirpčiausi, tirptis
tirptumeisi, tirptis
tirptųsi, tirptis
tirptu(mė)mės, tirptis
tirptu(mė)tės, tirptis
tirtis, tirtis
tiriuosi, tirtis
tiriesi, tirtis
tiriasi, tirtis
tiriamės, tirtis
tiriatės, tirtis
tirks, tirtis
tirkitės, tirtis
tirkimės, tirtis
tyriausi, tirtis
tyreisi, tirtis
tyrėsi, tirtis
tyrėmės, tirtis
tyrėtės, tirtis
tirdavausi, tirtis
tirdavaisi, tirtis
tirdavosi, tirtis
tirdavomės, tirtis
tirdavotės, tirtis
tirsiusi, tirtis
tirsisi, tirtis
tirsis, tirtis
tirsimės, tirtis
tirsitės, tirtis
tirčiausi, tirtis
tirtumeisi, tirtis
tirtųsi, tirtis
tirtu(mė)mės, tirtis
tirtu(mė)tės, tirtis
tižtis, tižtis
tyžtuosi, tižtis
tyžtiesi, tižtis
tyžtasi, tižtis
tyžtamės, tižtis
tyžtatės, tižtis
tižks, tižtis
tižkitės, tižtis
tižkimės, tižtis
tižausi, tižtis
tižaisi, tižtis
tižosi, tižtis
tižomės, tižtis
tižotės, tižtis
tiždavausi, tižtis
tiždavaisi, tižtis
tiždavosi, tižtis
tiždavomės, tižtis
tiždavotės, tižtis
tižšiusi, tižtis
tižšisi, tižtis
tižšis, tižtis
tižšimės, tižtis
tižšitės, tižtis
tižčiausi, tižtis
tižtumeisi, tižtis
tižtųsi, tižtis
tižtu(mė)mės, tižtis
tižtu(mė)tės, tižtis
tobulėtis, tobulėtis
tobulėjuosi, tobulėtis
tobulėjiesi, tobulėtis
tobulėjasi, tobulėtis
tobulėjamės, tobulėtis
tobulėjatės, tobulėtis
tobulėks, tobulėtis
tobulėkitės, tobulėtis
tobulėkimės, tobulėtis
tobulėjausi, tobulėtis
tobulėjaisi, tobulėtis
tobulėjosi, tobulėtis
tobulėjomės, tobulėtis
tobulėjotės, tobulėtis
tobulėdavausi, tobulėtis
tobulėdavaisi, tobulėtis
tobulėdavosi, tobulėtis
tobulėdavomės, tobulėtis
tobulėdavotės, tobulėtis
tobulėsiusi, tobulėtis
tobulėsisi, tobulėtis
tobulėsis, tobulėtis
tobulėsimės, tobulėtis
tobulėsitės, tobulėtis
tobulėčiausi, tobulėtis
tobulėtumeisi, tobulėtis
tobulėtųsi, tobulėtis
tobulėtu(mė)mės, tobulėtis
tobulėtu(mė)tės, tobulėtis
tobulintis, tobulintis
tobulinuosi, tobulintis
tobuliniesi, tobulintis
tobulinasi, tobulintis
tobulinamės, tobulintis
tobulinatės, tobulintis
tobulinks, tobulintis
tobulinkitės, tobulintis
tobulinkimės, tobulintis
tobulinausi, tobulintis
tobulinaisi, tobulintis
tobulinosi, tobulintis
tobulinomės, tobulintis
tobulinotės, tobulintis
tobulindavausi, tobulintis
tobulindavaisi, tobulintis
tobulindavosi, tobulintis
tobulindavomės, tobulintis
tobulindavotės, tobulintis
tobulinsiusi, tobulintis
tobulinsisi, tobulintis
tobulinsis, tobulintis
tobulinsimės, tobulintis
tobulinsitės, tobulintis
tobulinčiausi, tobulintis
tobulintumeisi, tobulintis
tobulintųsi, tobulintis
tobulintu(mė)mės, tobulintis
tobulintu(mė)tės, tobulintis
toltis, toltis
tolstuosi, toltis
tolstiesi, toltis
tolstasi, toltis
tolstamės, toltis
tolstatės, toltis
tolks, toltis
tolkitės, toltis
tolkimės, toltis
tolausi, toltis
tolaisi, toltis
tolosi, toltis
tolomės, toltis
tolotės, toltis
toldavausi, toltis
toldavaisi, toltis
toldavosi, toltis
toldavomės, toltis
toldavotės, toltis
tolsiusi, toltis
tolsisi, toltis
tolsis, toltis
tolsimės, toltis
tolsitės, toltis
tolčiausi, toltis
toltumeisi, toltis
toltųsi, toltis
toltu(mė)mės, toltis
toltu(mė)tės, toltis
traiškytis, traiškytis
traiškausi, traiškytis
traiškaisi, traiškytis
traiškosi, traiškytis
traiškomės, traiškytis
traiškotės, traiškytis
traiškyks, traiškytis
traiškykitės, traiškytis
traiškykimės, traiškytis
traiškiausi, traiškytis
traiškeisi, traiškytis
traiškėsi, traiškytis
traiškėmės, traiškytis
traiškėtės, traiškytis
traiškydavausi, traiškytis
traiškydavaisi, traiškytis
traiškydavosi, traiškytis
traiškydavomės, traiškytis
traiškydavotės, traiškytis
traiškysiusi, traiškytis
traiškysisi, traiškytis
traiškysis, traiškytis
traiškysimės, traiškytis
traiškysitės, traiškytis
traiškyčiausi, traiškytis
traiškytumeisi, traiškytis
traiškytųsi, traiškytis
traiškytu(mė)mės, traiškytis
traiškytu(mė)tės, traiškytis
trakštelėtis, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjuosi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjiesi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjasi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjamės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjatės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėks, trakštelėtis
trakštelėkitės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėkimės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjausi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjaisi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjosi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjomės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėjotės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėdavausi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėdavaisi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėdavosi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėdavomės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėdavotės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėsiusi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėsisi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėsis, trakštelėtis
trakštelėsimės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėsitės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėčiausi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėtumeisi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėtųsi, trakštelėtis
trakštelėtu(mė)mės, trakštelėtis
trakštelėtu(mė)tės, trakštelėtis
traktuotis, traktuotis
traktuojuosi, traktuotis
traktuojiesi, traktuotis
traktuojasi, traktuotis
traktuojamės, traktuotis
traktuojatės, traktuotis
traktuoks, traktuotis
traktuokitės, traktuotis
traktuokimės, traktuotis
traktavausi, traktuotis
traktavaisi, traktuotis
traktavosi, traktuotis
traktavomės, traktuotis
traktavotės, traktuotis
traktuodavausi, traktuotis
traktuodavaisi, traktuotis
traktuodavosi, traktuotis
traktuodavomės, traktuotis
traktuodavotės, traktuotis
traktuosiusi, traktuotis
traktuosisi, traktuotis
traktuosis, traktuotis
traktuosimės, traktuotis
traktuositės, traktuotis
traktuočiausi, traktuotis
traktuotumeisi, traktuotis
traktuotųsi, traktuotis
traktuotu(mė)mės, traktuotis
traktuotu(mė)tės, traktuotis
tramdytis, tramdytis
tramdžausi, tramdytis
tramdaisi, tramdytis
tramdosi, tramdytis
tramdomės, tramdytis
tramdotės, tramdytis
tramdyks, tramdytis
tramdykitės, tramdytis
tramdykimės, tramdytis
tramdeisi, tramdytis
tramdėsi, tramdytis
tramdėmės, tramdytis
tramdėtės, tramdytis
tramdydavausi, tramdytis
tramdydavaisi, tramdytis
tramdydavosi, tramdytis
tramdydavomės, tramdytis
tramdydavotės, tramdytis
tramdysiusi, tramdytis
tramdysisi, tramdytis
tramdysis, tramdytis
tramdysimės, tramdytis
tramdysitės, tramdytis
tramdyčiausi, tramdytis
tramdytumeisi, tramdytis
tramdytųsi, tramdytis
tramdytu(mė)mės, tramdytis
tramdytu(mė)tės, tramdytis
trankytis, trankytis
trankausi, trankytis
trankaisi, trankytis
trankosi, trankytis
trankomės, trankytis
trankotės, trankytis
trankyks, trankytis
trankykitės, trankytis
trankykimės, trankytis
trankiausi, trankytis
trankeisi, trankytis
trankėsi, trankytis
trankėmės, trankytis
trankėtės, trankytis
trankydavausi, trankytis
trankydavaisi, trankytis
trankydavosi, trankytis
trankydavomės, trankytis
trankydavotės, trankytis
trankysiusi, trankytis
trankysisi, trankytis
trankysis, trankytis
trankysimės, trankytis
trankysitės, trankytis
trankyčiausi, trankytis
trankytumeisi, trankytis
trankytųsi, trankytis
trankytu(mė)mės, trankytis
trankytu(mė)tės, trankytis
transliuotis, transliuotis
transliuojuosi, transliuotis
transliuojiesi, transliuotis
transliuojasi, transliuotis
transliuojamės, transliuotis
transliuojatės, transliuotis
transliuoks, transliuotis
transliuokitės, transliuotis
transliuokimės, transliuotis
transliavausi, transliuotis
transliavaisi, transliuotis
transliavosi, transliuotis
transliavomės, transliuotis
transliavotės, transliuotis
transliuodavausi, transliuotis
transliuodavaisi, transliuotis
transliuodavosi, transliuotis
transliuodavomės, transliuotis
transliuodavotės, transliuotis
transliuosiusi, transliuotis
transliuosisi, transliuotis
transliuosis, transliuotis
transliuosimės, transliuotis
transliuositės, transliuotis
transliuočiausi, transliuotis
transliuotumeisi, transliuotis
transliuotųsi, transliuotis
transliuotu(mė)mės, transliuotis
transliuotu(mė)tės, transliuotis
transportuotis, transportuotis
transportuojuosi, transportuotis
transportuojiesi, transportuotis
transportuojasi, transportuotis
transportuojamės, transportuotis
transportuojatės, transportuotis
transportuoks, transportuotis
transportuokitės, transportuotis
transportuokimės, transportuotis
transportavausi, transportuotis
transportavaisi, transportuotis
transportavosi, transportuotis
transportavomės, transportuotis
transportavotės, transportuotis
transportuodavausi, transportuotis
transportuodavaisi, transportuotis
transportuodavosi, transportuotis
transportuodavomės, transportuotis
transportuodavotės, transportuotis
transportuosiusi, transportuotis
transportuosisi, transportuotis
transportuosis, transportuotis
transportuosimės, transportuotis
transportuositės, transportuotis
transportuočiausi, transportuotis
transportuotumeisi, transportuotis
transportuotųsi, transportuotis
transportuotu(mė)mės, transportuotis
transportuotu(mė)tės, transportuotis
tratėtis, tratėtis
tratuosi, tratėtis
tratiesi, tratėtis
tratasi, tratėtis
tratamės, tratėtis
tratatės, tratėtis
tratėks, tratėtis
tratėkitės, tratėtis
tratėkimės, tratėtis
tratėjausi, tratėtis
tratėjaisi, tratėtis
tratėjosi, tratėtis
tratėjomės, tratėtis
tratėjotės, tratėtis
tratėdavausi, tratėtis
tratėdavaisi, tratėtis
tratėdavosi, tratėtis
tratėdavomės, tratėtis
tratėdavotės, tratėtis
tratėsiusi, tratėtis
tratėsisi, tratėtis
tratėsis, tratėtis
tratėsimės, tratėtis
tratėsitės, tratėtis
tratėčiausi, tratėtis
tratėtumeisi, tratėtis
tratėtųsi, tratėtis
tratėtu(mė)mės, tratėtis
tratėtu(mė)tės, tratėtis
trauktis, trauktis
traukiuosi, trauktis
traukiesi, trauktis
traukiasi, trauktis
traukiamės, trauktis
traukiatės, trauktis
trauks, trauktis
traukitės, trauktis
traukimės, trauktis
traukiausi, trauktis
traukeisi, trauktis
traukėsi, trauktis
traukėmės, trauktis
traukėtės, trauktis
traukdavausi, trauktis
traukdavaisi, trauktis
traukdavosi, trauktis
traukdavomės, trauktis
traukdavotės, trauktis
trauksiusi, trauktis
trauksisi, trauktis
trauksis, trauktis
trauksimės, trauktis
trauksitės, trauktis
traukčiausi, trauktis
trauktumeisi, trauktis
trauktųsi, trauktis
trauktu(mė)mės, trauktis
trauktu(mė)tės, trauktis
traumuotis, traumuotis
traumuojuosi, traumuotis
traumuojiesi, traumuotis
traumuojasi, traumuotis
traumuojamės, traumuotis
traumuojatės, traumuotis
traumuoks, traumuotis
traumuokitės, traumuotis
traumuokimės, traumuotis
traumavausi, traumuotis
traumavaisi, traumuotis
traumavosi, traumuotis
traumavomės, traumuotis
traumavotės, traumuotis
traumuodavausi, traumuotis
traumuodavaisi, traumuotis
traumuodavosi, traumuotis
traumuodavomės, traumuotis
traumuodavotės, traumuotis
traumuosiusi, traumuotis
traumuosisi, traumuotis
traumuosis, traumuotis
traumuosimės, traumuotis
traumuositės, traumuotis
traumuočiausi, traumuotis
traumuotumeisi, traumuotis
traumuotųsi, traumuotis
traumuotu(mė)mės, traumuotis
traumuotu(mė)tės, traumuotis
tremtis, tremtis
tremiuosi, tremtis
tremiesi, tremtis
tremiasi, tremtis
tremiamės, tremtis
tremiatės, tremtis
tremks, tremtis
tremkitės, tremtis
tremkimės, tremtis
trėmiausi, tremtis
trėmeisi, tremtis
trėmėsi, tremtis
trėmėmės, tremtis
trėmėtės, tremtis
tremdavausi, tremtis
tremdavaisi, tremtis
tremdavosi, tremtis
tremdavomės, tremtis
tremdavotės, tremtis
tremsiusi, tremtis
tremsisi, tremtis
tremsis, tremtis
tremsimės, tremtis
tremsitės, tremtis
tremčiausi, tremtis
tremtumeisi, tremtis
tremtųsi, tremtis
tremtu(mė)mės, tremtis
tremtu(mė)tės, tremtis
treniruotis, treniruotis
treniruojuosi, treniruotis
treniruojiesi, treniruotis
treniruojasi, treniruotis
treniruojamės, treniruotis
treniruojatės, treniruotis
treniruoks, treniruotis
treniruokitės, treniruotis
treniruokimės, treniruotis
treniravausi, treniruotis
treniravaisi, treniruotis
treniravosi, treniruotis
treniravomės, treniruotis
treniravotės, treniruotis
treniruodavausi, treniruotis
treniruodavaisi, treniruotis
treniruodavosi, treniruotis
treniruodavomės, treniruotis
treniruodavotės, treniruotis
treniruosiusi, treniruotis
treniruosisi, treniruotis
treniruosis, treniruotis
treniruosimės, treniruotis
treniruositės, treniruotis
treniruočiausi, treniruotis
treniruotumeisi, treniruotis
treniruotųsi, treniruotis
treniruotu(mė)mės, treniruotis
treniruotu(mė)tės, treniruotis
trenktis, trenktis
trenkiuosi, trenktis
trenkiesi, trenktis
trenkiasi, trenktis
trenkiamės, trenktis
trenkiatės, trenktis
trenks, trenktis
trenkitės, trenktis
trenkimės, trenktis
trenkiausi, trenktis
trenkeisi, trenktis
trenkėsi, trenktis
trenkėmės, trenktis
trenkėtės, trenktis
trenkdavausi, trenktis
trenkdavaisi, trenktis
trenkdavosi, trenktis
trenkdavomės, trenktis
trenkdavotės, trenktis
trenksiusi, trenktis
trenksisi, trenktis
trenksis, trenktis
trenksimės, trenktis
trenksitės, trenktis
trenkčiausi, trenktis
trenktumeisi, trenktis
trenktųsi, trenktis
trenktu(mė)mės, trenktis
trenktu(mė)tės, trenktis
trepsėtis, trepsėtis
trepsiusi, trepsėtis
trepsisi, trepsėtis
trepsisi, trepsėtis
trepsimės, trepsėtis
trepsitės, trepsėtis
trepsėks, trepsėtis
trepsėkitės, trepsėtis
trepsėkimės, trepsėtis
trepsėjausi, trepsėtis
trepsėjaisi, trepsėtis
trepsėjosi, trepsėtis
trepsėjomės, trepsėtis
trepsėjotės, trepsėtis
trepsėdavausi, trepsėtis
trepsėdavaisi, trepsėtis
trepsėdavosi, trepsėtis
trepsėdavomės, trepsėtis
trepsėdavotės, trepsėtis
trepsėsiusi, trepsėtis
trepsėsisi, trepsėtis
trepsėsis, trepsėtis
trepsėsimės, trepsėtis
trepsėsitės, trepsėtis
trepsėčiausi, trepsėtis
trepsėtumeisi, trepsėtis
trepsėtųsi, trepsėtis
trepsėtu(mė)mės, trepsėtis
trepsėtu(mė)tės, trepsėtis
tręštis, tręštis
tręšiuosi, tręštis
tręšiesi, tręštis
tręšiasi, tręštis
tręšiamės, tręštis
tręšiatės, tręštis
tręšks, tręštis
tręškitės, tręštis
tręškimės, tręštis
tręšiausi, tręštis
tręšeisi, tręštis
tręšėsi, tręštis
tręšėmės, tręštis
tręšėtės, tręštis
tręšdavausi, tręštis
tręšdavaisi, tręštis
tręšdavosi, tręštis
tręšdavomės, tręštis
tręšdavotės, tręštis
tręššiusi, tręštis
tręššisi, tręštis
tręššis, tręštis
tręššimės, tręštis
tręššitės, tręštis
tręščiausi, tręštis
tręštumeisi, tręštis
tręštųsi, tręštis
tręštu(mė)mės, tręštis
tręštu(mė)tės, tręštis
triestis, triestis
triedžiuosi, triestis
triedžiesi, triestis
triedžiasi, triestis
triedžiamės, triestis
triedžiatės, triestis
triesks, triestis
trieskitės, triestis
trieskimės, triestis
triedeisi, triestis
triedėsi, triestis
triedėmės, triestis
triedėtės, triestis
triesdavausi, triestis
triesdavaisi, triestis
triesdavosi, triestis
triesdavomės, triestis
triesdavotės, triestis
triesiusi, triestis
triesisi, triestis
triesis, triestis
triesimės, triestis
triesitės, triestis
triesčiausi, triestis
triestumeisi, triestis
triestųsi, triestis
triestu(mė)mės, triestis
triestu(mė)tės, triestis
trigubintis, trigubintis
trigubinuosi, trigubintis
trigubiniesi, trigubintis
trigubinasi, trigubintis
trigubinamės, trigubintis
trigubinatės, trigubintis
trigubinks, trigubintis
trigubinkitės, trigubintis
trigubinkimės, trigubintis
trigubinausi, trigubintis
trigubinaisi, trigubintis
trigubinosi, trigubintis
trigubinomės, trigubintis
trigubinotės, trigubintis
trigubindavausi, trigubintis
trigubindavaisi, trigubintis
trigubindavosi, trigubintis
trigubindavomės, trigubintis
trigubindavotės, trigubintis
trigubinsiusi, trigubintis
trigubinsisi, trigubintis
trigubinsis, trigubintis
trigubinsimės, trigubintis
trigubinsitės, trigubintis
trigubinčiausi, trigubintis
trigubintumeisi, trigubintis
trigubintųsi, trigubintis
trigubintu(mė)mės, trigubintis
trigubintu(mė)tės, trigubintis
trikdytis, trikdytis
trikdžausi, trikdytis
trikdaisi, trikdytis
trikdosi, trikdytis
trikdomės, trikdytis
trikdotės, trikdytis
trikdyks, trikdytis
trikdykitės, trikdytis
trikdykimės, trikdytis
trikdeisi, trikdytis
trikdėsi, trikdytis
trikdėmės, trikdytis
trikdėtės, trikdytis
trikdydavausi, trikdytis
trikdydavaisi, trikdytis
trikdydavosi, trikdytis
trikdydavomės, trikdytis
trikdydavotės, trikdytis
trikdysiusi, trikdytis
trikdysisi, trikdytis
trikdysis, trikdytis
trikdysimės, trikdytis
trikdysitės, trikdytis
trikdyčiausi, trikdytis
trikdytumeisi, trikdytis
trikdytųsi, trikdytis
trikdytu(mė)mės, trikdytis
trikdytu(mė)tės, trikdytis
triktis, triktis
trinkuosi, triktis
trinkiesi, triktis
trinkasi, triktis
trinkamės, triktis
trinkatės, triktis
triks, triktis
trikitės, triktis
trikimės, triktis
trikausi, triktis
trikaisi, triktis
trikosi, triktis
trikomės, triktis
trikotės, triktis
trikdavausi, triktis
trikdavaisi, triktis
trikdavosi, triktis
trikdavomės, triktis
trikdavotės, triktis
triksiusi, triktis
triksisi, triktis
triksis, triktis
triksimės, triktis
triksitės, triktis
trikčiausi, triktis
triktumeisi, triktis
triktųsi, triktis
triktu(mė)mės, triktis
triktu(mė)tės, triktis
trimituotis, trimituotis
trimituojuosi, trimituotis
trimituojiesi, trimituotis
trimituojasi, trimituotis
trimituojamės, trimituotis
trimituojatės, trimituotis
trimituoks, trimituotis
trimituokitės, trimituotis
trimituokimės, trimituotis
trimitavausi, trimituotis
trimitavaisi, trimituotis
trimitavosi, trimituotis
trimitavomės, trimituotis
trimitavotės, trimituotis
trimituodavausi, trimituotis
trimituodavaisi, trimituotis
trimituodavosi, trimituotis
trimituodavomės, trimituotis
trimituodavotės, trimituotis
trimituosiusi, trimituotis
trimituosisi, trimituotis
trimituosis, trimituotis
trimituosimės, trimituotis
trimituositės, trimituotis
trimituočiausi, trimituotis
trimituotumeisi, trimituotis
trimituotųsi, trimituotis
trimituotu(mė)mės, trimituotis
trimituotu(mė)tės, trimituotis
trintis, trintis
trinuosi, trintis
triniesi, trintis
trinasi, trintis
trinamės, trintis
trinatės, trintis
trinks, trintis
trinkitės, trintis
trinkimės, trintis
tryniausi, trintis
tryneisi, trintis
trynėsi, trintis
trynėmės, trintis
trynėtės, trintis
trindavausi, trintis
trindavaisi, trintis
trindavosi, trintis
trindavomės, trintis
trindavotės, trintis
trinsiusi, trintis
trinsisi, trintis
trinsis, trintis
trinsimės, trintis
trinsitės, trintis
trinčiausi, trintis
trintumeisi, trintis
trintųsi, trintis
trintu(mė)mės, trintis
trintu(mė)tės, trintis
triukšmautis, triukšmautis
triumškaujuosi, triukšmautis
triumškaujiesi, triukšmautis
triumškaujasi, triukšmautis
triumškaujamės, triukšmautis
triumškaujatės, triukšmautis
triukšmauks, triukšmautis
triukšmaukitės, triukšmautis
triukšmaukimės, triukšmautis
triukšmavausi, triukšmautis
triukšmavaisi, triukšmautis
triukšmavosi, triukšmautis
triukšmavomės, triukšmautis
triukšmavotės, triukšmautis
triukšmaudavausi, triukšmautis
triukšmaudavaisi, triukšmautis
triukšmaudavosi, triukšmautis
triukšmaudavomės, triukšmautis
triukšmaudavotės, triukšmautis
triukšmausiusi, triukšmautis
triukšmausisi, triukšmautis
triukšmausis, triukšmautis
triukšmausimės, triukšmautis
triukšmausitės, triukšmautis
triukšmaučiausi, triukšmautis
triukšmautumeisi, triukšmautis
triukšmautųsi, triukšmautis
triukšmautu(mė)mės, triukšmautis
triukšmautu(mė)tės, triukšmautis
triumfuotis, triumfuotis
triumfuojuosi, triumfuotis
triumfuojiesi, triumfuotis
triumfuojasi, triumfuotis
triumfuojamės, triumfuotis
triumfuojatės, triumfuotis
triumfuoks, triumfuotis
triumfuokitės, triumfuotis
triumfuokimės, triumfuotis
triumfavausi, triumfuotis
triumfavaisi, triumfuotis
triumfavosi, triumfuotis
triumfavomės, triumfuotis
triumfavotės, triumfuotis
triumfuodavausi, triumfuotis
triumfuodavaisi, triumfuotis
triumfuodavosi, triumfuotis
triumfuodavomės, triumfuotis
triumfuodavotės, triumfuotis
triumfuosiusi, triumfuotis
triumfuosisi, triumfuotis
triumfuosis, triumfuotis
triumfuosimės, triumfuotis
triumfuositės, triumfuotis
triumfuočiausi, triumfuotis
triumfuotumeisi, triumfuotis
triumfuotųsi, triumfuotis
triumfuotu(mė)mės, triumfuotis
triumfuotu(mė)tės, triumfuotis
trokštis, trokštis
trokštuosi, trokštis
trokštiesi, trokštis
trokštasi, trokštis
trokštamės, trokštis
trokštatės, trokštis
trokšks, trokštis
trokškitės, trokštis
trokškimės, trokštis
troškausi, trokštis
troškaisi, trokštis
troškosi, trokštis
troškomės, trokštis
troškotės, trokštis
trokšdavausi, trokštis
trokšdavaisi, trokštis
trokšdavosi, trokštis
trokšdavomės, trokštis
trokšdavotės, trokštis
trokššiusi, trokštis
trokššisi, trokštis
trokššis, trokštis
trokššimės, trokštis
trokššitės, trokštis
trokščiausi, trokštis
trokštumeisi, trokštis
trokštųsi, trokštis
trokštu(mė)mės, trokštis
trokštu(mė)tės, trokštis
troškintis, troškintis
troškinuosi, troškintis
troškiniesi, troškintis
troškinasi, troškintis
troškinamės, troškintis
troškinatės, troškintis
troškinks, troškintis
troškinkitės, troškintis
troškinkimės, troškintis
troškinausi, troškintis
troškinaisi, troškintis
troškinosi, troškintis
troškinomės, troškintis
troškinotės, troškintis
troškindavausi, troškintis
troškindavaisi, troškintis
troškindavosi, troškintis
troškindavomės, troškintis
troškindavotės, troškintis
troškinsiusi, troškintis
troškinsisi, troškintis
troškinsis, troškintis
troškinsimės, troškintis
troškinsitės, troškintis
troškinčiausi, troškintis
troškintumeisi, troškintis
troškintųsi, troškintis
troškintu(mė)mės, troškintis
troškintu(mė)tės, troškintis
trukdytis, trukdytis
trukdžausi, trukdytis
trukdaisi, trukdytis
trukdosi, trukdytis
trukdomės, trukdytis
trukdotės, trukdytis
trukdyks, trukdytis
trukdykitės, trukdytis
trukdykimės, trukdytis
trukdeisi, trukdytis
trukdėsi, trukdytis
trukdėmės, trukdytis
trukdėtės, trukdytis
trukdydavausi, trukdytis
trukdydavaisi, trukdytis
trukdydavosi, trukdytis
trukdydavomės, trukdytis
trukdydavotės, trukdytis
trukdysiusi, trukdytis
trukdysisi, trukdytis
trukdysis, trukdytis
trukdysimės, trukdytis
trukdysitės, trukdytis
trukdyčiausi, trukdytis
trukdytumeisi, trukdytis
trukdytųsi, trukdytis
trukdytu(mė)mės, trukdytis
trukdytu(mė)tės, trukdytis
trūktis, trūktis
trukdžausi, trūktis
trukdaisi, trūktis
trukdosi, trūktis
trukdomės, trūktis
trukdotės, trūktis
trūks, trūktis
trūkitės, trūktis
trūkimės, trūktis
trukdeisi, trūktis
trukdėsi, trūktis
trukdėmės, trūktis
trukdėtės, trūktis
trūkdavausi, trūktis
trūkdavaisi, trūktis
trūkdavosi, trūktis
trūkdavomės, trūktis
trūkdavotės, trūktis
trūksiusi, trūktis
trūksisi, trūktis
truksis, trūktis
trūksimės, trūktis
trūksitės, trūktis
trūkčiausi, trūktis
trūktumeisi, trūktis
trūktųsi, trūktis
trūktu(mė)mės, trūktis
trūktu(mė)tės, trūktis
truktis, truktis
trunkuosi, truktis
trunkiesi, truktis
trunkasi, truktis
trunkamės, truktis
trunkatės, truktis
truks, truktis
trukitės, truktis
trukimės, truktis
trukausi, truktis
trukaisi, truktis
trukosi, truktis
trukomės, truktis
trukotės, truktis
trukdavausi, truktis
trukdavaisi, truktis
trukdavosi, truktis
trukdavomės, truktis
trukdavotės, truktis
truksiusi, truktis
truksisi, truktis
truksis, truktis
truksimės, truktis
truksitės, truktis
trukčiausi, truktis
truktumeisi, truktis
truktųsi, truktis
truktu(mė)mės, truktis
truktu(mė)tės, truktis
trumpėtis, trumpėtis
trumpėjuosi, trumpėtis
trumpėjiesi, trumpėtis
trumpėjasi, trumpėtis
trumpėjamės, trumpėtis
trumpėjatės, trumpėtis
trumpėks, trumpėtis
trumpėkitės, trumpėtis
trumpėkimės, trumpėtis
trumpėjausi, trumpėtis
trumpėjaisi, trumpėtis
trumpėjosi, trumpėtis
trumpėjomės, trumpėtis
trumpėjotės, trumpėtis
trumpėdavausi, trumpėtis
trumpėdavaisi, trumpėtis
trumpėdavosi, trumpėtis
trumpėdavomės, trumpėtis
trumpėdavotės, trumpėtis
trumpėsiusi, trumpėtis
trumpėsisi, trumpėtis
trumpėsis, trumpėtis
trumpėsimės, trumpėtis
trumpėsitės, trumpėtis
trumpėčiausi, trumpėtis
trumpėtumeisi, trumpėtis
trumpėtųsi, trumpėtis
trumpėtu(mė)mės, trumpėtis
trumpėtu(mė)tės, trumpėtis
trumpintis, trumpintis
trumpinuosi, trumpintis
trumpiniesi, trumpintis
trumpinasi, trumpintis
trumpinamės, trumpintis
trumpinatės, trumpintis
trumpinks, trumpintis
trumpinkitės, trumpintis
trumpinkimės, trumpintis
trumpinausi, trumpintis
trumpinaisi, trumpintis
trumpinosi, trumpintis
trumpinomės, trumpintis
trumpinotės, trumpintis
trumpindavausi, trumpintis
trumpindavaisi, trumpintis
trumpindavosi, trumpintis
trumpindavomės, trumpintis
trumpindavotės, trumpintis
trumpinsiusi, trumpintis
trumpinsisi, trumpintis
trumpinsis, trumpintis
trumpinsimės, trumpintis
trumpinsitės, trumpintis
trumpinčiausi, trumpintis
trumpintumeisi, trumpintis
trumpintųsi, trumpintis
trumpintu(mė)mės, trumpintis
trumpintu(mė)tės, trumpintis
trupėtis, trupėtis
trupuosi, trupėtis
trupiesi, trupėtis
trupasi, trupėtis
trupamės, trupėtis
trupatės, trupėtis
trupėks, trupėtis
trupėkitės, trupėtis
trupėkimės, trupėtis
trupėjausi, trupėtis
trupėjaisi, trupėtis
trupėjosi, trupėtis
trupėjomės, trupėtis
trupėjotės, trupėtis
trupėdavausi, trupėtis
trupėdavaisi, trupėtis
trupėdavosi, trupėtis
trupėdavomės, trupėtis
trupėdavotės, trupėtis
trupėsiusi, trupėtis
trupėsisi, trupėtis
trupėsis, trupėtis
trupėsimės, trupėtis
trupėsitės, trupėtis
trupėčiausi, trupėtis
trupėtumeisi, trupėtis
trupėtųsi, trupėtis
trupėtu(mė)mės, trupėtis
trupėtu(mė)tės, trupėtis
trupintis, trupintis
trupinuosi, trupintis
trupiniesi, trupintis
trupinasi, trupintis
trupinamės, trupintis
trupinatės, trupintis
trupinks, trupintis
trupinkitės, trupintis
trupinkimės, trupintis
trupinausi, trupintis
trupinaisi, trupintis
trupinosi, trupintis
trupinomės, trupintis
trupinotės, trupintis
trupindavausi, trupintis
trupindavaisi, trupintis
trupindavosi, trupintis
trupindavomės, trupintis
trupindavotės, trupintis
trupinsiusi, trupintis
trupinsisi, trupintis
trupinsis, trupintis
trupinsimės, trupintis
trupinsitės, trupintis
trupinčiausi, trupintis
trupintumeisi, trupintis
trupintųsi, trupintis
trupintu(mė)mės, trupintis
trupintu(mė)tės, trupintis
trykštis, trykštis
trykštuosi, trykštis
trykštiesi, trykštis
trykštasi, trykštis
trykštamės, trykštis
trykštatės, trykštis
trykšks, trykštis
trykškitės, trykštis
trykškimės, trykštis
tryškausi, trykštis
tryškaisi, trykštis
tryškosi, trykštis
tryškomės, trykštis
tryškotės, trykštis
trykšdavausi, trykštis
trykšdavaisi, trykštis
trykšdavosi, trykštis
trykšdavomės, trykštis
trykšdavotės, trykštis
trykššiusi, trykštis
trykššisi, trykštis
trykššis, trykštis
trykššimės, trykštis
trykššitės, trykštis
trykščiausi, trykštis
trykštumeisi, trykštis
trykštųsi, trykštis
trykštu(mė)mės, trykštis
trykštu(mė)tės, trykštis
tujintis, tujintis
tujinuosi, tujintis
tujiniesi, tujintis
tujinasi, tujintis
tujinamės, tujintis
tujinatės, tujintis
tujinks, tujintis
tujinkitės, tujintis
tujinkimės, tujintis
tujinausi, tujintis
tujinaisi, tujintis
tujinosi, tujintis
tujinomės, tujintis
tujinotės, tujintis
tujindavausi, tujintis
tujindavaisi, tujintis
tujindavosi, tujintis
tujindavomės, tujintis
tujindavotės, tujintis
tujinsiusi, tujintis
tujinsisi, tujintis
tujinsis, tujintis
tujinsimės, tujintis
tujinsitės, tujintis
tujinčiausi, tujintis
tujintumeisi, tujintis
tujintųsi, tujintis
tujintu(mė)mės, tujintis
tujintu(mė)tės, tujintis
tuktis, tuktis
tunkuosi, tuktis
tunkiesi, tuktis
tunkasi, tuktis
tunkamės, tuktis
tunkatės, tuktis
tuks, tuktis
tukitės, tuktis
tukimės, tuktis
tukausi, tuktis
tukaisi, tuktis
tukosi, tuktis
tukomės, tuktis
tukotės, tuktis
tukdavausi, tuktis
tukdavaisi, tuktis
tukdavosi, tuktis
tukdavomės, tuktis
tukdavotės, tuktis
tuksiusi, tuktis
tuksisi, tuktis
tuksis, tuktis
tuksimės, tuktis
tuksitės, tuktis
tukčiausi, tuktis
tuktumeisi, tuktis
tuktųsi, tuktis
tuktu(mė)mės, tuktis
tuktu(mė)tės, tuktis
tūnotis, tūnotis
tūnausi, tūnotis
tūnaisi, tūnotis
tūnosi, tūnotis
tūnomės, tūnotis
tūnotės, tūnotis
tūnoks, tūnotis
tūnokitės, tūnotis
tūnokimės, tūnotis
tūnojausi, tūnotis
tūnojaisi, tūnotis
tūnojosi, tūnotis
tūnojomės, tūnotis
tūnojotės, tūnotis
tūnodavausi, tūnotis
tūnodavaisi, tūnotis
tūnodavosi, tūnotis
tūnodavomės, tūnotis
tūnodavotės, tūnotis
tūnosiusi, tūnotis
tūnosisi, tūnotis
tūnosis, tūnotis
tūnosimės, tūnotis
tūnositės, tūnotis
tūnočiausi, tūnotis
tūnotumeisi, tūnotis
tūnotųsi, tūnotis
tūnotu(mė)mės, tūnotis
tūnotu(mė)tės, tūnotis
tuoktis, tuoktis
tuokiuosi, tuoktis
tuokiesi, tuoktis
tuokiasi, tuoktis
tuokiamės, tuoktis
tuokiatės, tuoktis
tuoks, tuoktis
tuokitės, tuoktis
tuokimės, tuoktis
tuokiausi, tuoktis
tuokeisi, tuoktis
tuokėsi, tuoktis
tuokėmės, tuoktis
tuokėtės, tuoktis
tuokdavausi, tuoktis
tuokdavaisi, tuoktis
tuokdavosi, tuoktis
tuokdavomės, tuoktis
tuokdavotės, tuoktis
tuoksiusi, tuoktis
tuoksisi, tuoktis
tuoksis, tuoktis
tuoksimės, tuoktis
tuoksitės, tuoktis
tuokčiausi, tuoktis
tuoktumeisi, tuoktis
tuoktųsi, tuoktis
tuoktu(mė)mės, tuoktis
tuoktu(mė)tės, tuoktis
tupėtis, tupėtis
tupiusi, tupėtis
tupisi, tupėtis
tupisi, tupėtis
tupimės, tupėtis
tupitės, tupėtis
tupėks, tupėtis
tupėkitės, tupėtis
tupėkimės, tupėtis
tupėjausi, tupėtis
tupėjaisi, tupėtis
tupėjosi, tupėtis
tupėjomės, tupėtis
tupėjotės, tupėtis
tupėdavausi, tupėtis
tupėdavaisi, tupėtis
tupėdavosi, tupėtis
tupėdavomės, tupėtis
tupėdavotės, tupėtis
tupėsiusi, tupėtis
tupėsisi, tupėtis
tupėsis, tupėtis
tupėsimės, tupėtis
tupėsitės, tupėtis
tupėčiausi, tupėtis
tupėtumeisi, tupėtis
tupėtųsi, tupėtis
tupėtu(mė)mės, tupėtis
tupėtu(mė)tės, tupėtis
tūptis, tūptis
tupiuosi, tūptis
tupiesi, tūptis
tupiasi, tūptis
tupiamės, tūptis
tupiatės, tūptis
tūpks, tūptis
tūpkitės, tūptis
tūpkimės, tūptis
tūpiausi, tūptis
tūpeisi, tūptis
tūpėsi, tūptis
tūpėmės, tūptis
tūpėtės, tūptis
tūpdavausi, tūptis
tūpdavaisi, tūptis
tūpdavosi, tūptis
tūpdavomės, tūptis
tūpdavotės, tūptis
tūpsiusi, tūptis
tūpsisi, tūptis
tūpsis, tūptis
tūpsimės, tūptis
tūpsitės, tūptis
tūpčiausi, tūptis
tūptumeisi, tūptis
tūptųsi, tūptis
tūptu(mė)mės, tūptis
tūptu(mė)tės, tūptis
turėtis, turėtis
turiusi, turėtis
turisi, turėtis
turisi, turėtis
turimės, turėtis
turitės, turėtis
turėks, turėtis
turėkitės, turėtis
turėkimės, turėtis
turėjausi, turėtis
turėjaisi, turėtis
turėjosi, turėtis
turėjomės, turėtis
turėjotės, turėtis
turėdavausi, turėtis
turėdavaisi, turėtis
turėdavosi, turėtis
turėdavomės, turėtis
turėdavotės, turėtis
turėsiusi, turėtis
turėsisi, turėtis
turėsis, turėtis
turėsimės, turėtis
turėsitės, turėtis
turėčiausi, turėtis
turėtumeisi, turėtis
turėtųsi, turėtis
turėtu(mė)mės, turėtis
turėtu(mė)tės, turėtis
tursentis, tursentis
tursenuosi, tursentis
turseniesi, tursentis
tursenasi, tursentis
tursenamės, tursentis
tursenatės, tursentis
tursenks, tursentis
tursenkitės, tursentis
tursenkimės, tursentis
tursenausi, tursentis
tursenaisi, tursentis
tursenosi, tursentis
tursenomės, tursentis
tursenotės, tursentis
tursendavausi, tursentis
tursendavaisi, tursentis
tursendavosi, tursentis
tursendavomės, tursentis
tursendavotės, tursentis
tursensiusi, tursentis
tursensisi, tursentis
tursensis, tursentis
tursensimės, tursentis
tursensitės, tursentis
tursenčiausi, tursentis
tursentumeisi, tursentis
tursentųsi, tursentis
tursentu(mė)mės, tursentis
tursentu(mė)tės, tursentis
tuštėtis, tuštėtis
tuštėjuosi, tuštėtis
tuštėjiesi, tuštėtis
tuštėjasi, tuštėtis
tuštėjamės, tuštėtis
tuštėjatės, tuštėtis
tuštėks, tuštėtis
tuštėkitės, tuštėtis
tuštėkimės, tuštėtis
tuštėjausi, tuštėtis
tuštėjaisi, tuštėtis
tuštėjosi, tuštėtis
tuštėjomės, tuštėtis
tuštėjotės, tuštėtis
tuštėdavausi, tuštėtis
tuštėdavaisi, tuštėtis
tuštėdavosi, tuštėtis
tuštėdavomės, tuštėtis
tuštėdavotės, tuštėtis
tuštėsiusi, tuštėtis
tuštėsisi, tuštėtis
tuštėsis, tuštėtis
tuštėsimės, tuštėtis
tuštėsitės, tuštėtis
tuštėčiausi, tuštėtis
tuštėtumeisi, tuštėtis
tuštėtųsi, tuštėtis
tuštėtu(mė)mės, tuštėtis
tuštėtu(mė)tės, tuštėtis
tuštis, tuštis
tušuosi, tuštis
tušiesi, tuštis
tušasi, tuštis
tušamės, tuštis
tušatės, tuštis
tušks, tuštis
tuškitės, tuštis
tuškimės, tuštis
tušausi, tuštis
tušaisi, tuštis
tušosi, tuštis
tušomės, tuštis
tušotės, tuštis
tušdavausi, tuštis
tušdavaisi, tuštis
tušdavosi, tuštis
tušdavomės, tuštis
tušdavotės, tuštis
tuššiusi, tuštis
tuššisi, tuštis
tuššis, tuštis
tuššimės, tuštis
tuššitės, tuštis
tuščiausi, tuštis
tuštumeisi, tuštis
tuštųsi, tuštis
tuštu(mė)mės, tuštis
tuštu(mė)tės, tuštis
tuštintis, tuštintis
tuštinuosi, tuštintis
tuštiniesi, tuštintis
tuštinasi, tuštintis
tuštinamės, tuštintis
tuštinatės, tuštintis
tuštinks, tuštintis
tuštinkitės, tuštintis
tuštinkimės, tuštintis
tuštinausi, tuštintis
tuštinaisi, tuštintis
tuštinosi, tuštintis
tuštinomės, tuštintis
tuštinotės, tuštintis
tuštindavausi, tuštintis
tuštindavaisi, tuštintis
tuštindavosi, tuštintis
tuštindavomės, tuštintis
tuštindavotės, tuštintis
tuštinsiusi, tuštintis
tuštinsisi, tuštintis
tuštinsis, tuštintis
tuštinsimės, tuštintis
tuštinsitės, tuštintis
tuštinčiausi, tuštintis
tuštintumeisi, tuštintis
tuštintųsi, tuštintis
tuštintu(mė)mės, tuštintis
tuštintu(mė)tės, tuštintis
tūžtis, tūžtis
tūžtuosi, tūžtis
tūžtiesi, tūžtis
tūžtasi, tūžtis
tūžtamės, tūžtis
tūžtatės, tūžtis
tūžks, tūžtis
tūžkitės, tūžtis
tūžkimės, tūžtis
tūžausi, tūžtis
tūžaisi, tūžtis
tūžosi, tūžtis
tūžomės, tūžtis
tūžotės, tūžtis
tūždavausi, tūžtis
tūždavaisi, tūžtis
tūždavosi, tūžtis
tūždavomės, tūžtis
tūždavotės, tūžtis
tūžšiusi, tūžtis
tūžšisi, tūžtis
tūžšis, tūžtis
tūžšimės, tūžtis
tūžšitės, tūžtis
tūžčiausi, tūžtis
tūžtumeisi, tūžtis
tūžtųsi, tūžtis
tūžtu(mė)mės, tūžtis
tūžtu(mė)tės, tūžtis
tvaiktis, tvaiktis
tvaikstuosi, tvaiktis
tvaikstiesi, tvaiktis
tvaikstasi, tvaiktis
tvaikstamės, tvaiktis
tvaikstatės, tvaiktis
tvaiks, tvaiktis
tvaikitės, tvaiktis
tvaikimės, tvaiktis
tvaikausi, tvaiktis
tvaikaisi, tvaiktis
tvaikosi, tvaiktis
tvaikomės, tvaiktis
tvaikotės, tvaiktis
tvaikdavausi, tvaiktis
tvaikdavaisi, tvaiktis
tvaikdavosi, tvaiktis
tvaikdavomės, tvaiktis
tvaikdavotės, tvaiktis
tvaiksiusi, tvaiktis
tvaiksisi, tvaiktis
tvaiksis, tvaiktis
tvaiksimės, tvaiktis
tvaiksitės, tvaiktis
tvaikčiausi, tvaiktis
tvaiktumeisi, tvaiktis
tvaiktųsi, tvaiktis
tvaiktu(mė)mės, tvaiktis
tvaiktu(mė)tės, tvaiktis
tvardytis, tvardytis
tvardžausi, tvardytis
tvardaisi, tvardytis
tvardosi, tvardytis
tvardomės, tvardytis
tvardotės, tvardytis
tvardyks, tvardytis
tvardykitės, tvardytis
tvardykimės, tvardytis
tvardeisi, tvardytis
tvardėsi, tvardytis
tvardėmės, tvardytis
tvardėtės, tvardytis
tvardydavausi, tvardytis
tvardydavaisi, tvardytis
tvardydavosi, tvardytis
tvardydavomės, tvardytis
tvardydavotės, tvardytis
tvardysiusi, tvardytis
tvardysisi, tvardytis
tvardysis, tvardytis
tvardysimės, tvardytis
tvardysitės, tvardytis
tvardyčiausi, tvardytis
tvardytumeisi, tvardytis
tvardytųsi, tvardytis
tvardytu(mė)mės, tvardytis
tvardytu(mė)tės, tvardytis
tvarkytis, tvarkytis
tvarkausi, tvarkytis
tvarkaisi, tvarkytis
tvarkosi, tvarkytis
tvarkomės, tvarkytis
tvarkotės, tvarkytis
tvarkyks, tvarkytis
tvarkykitės, tvarkytis
tvarkykimės, tvarkytis
tvarkiausi, tvarkytis
tvarkeisi, tvarkytis
tvarkėsi, tvarkytis
tvarkėmės, tvarkytis
tvarkėtės, tvarkytis
tvarkydavausi, tvarkytis
tvarkydavaisi, tvarkytis
tvarkydavosi, tvarkytis
tvarkydavomės, tvarkytis
tvarkydavotės, tvarkytis
tvarkysiusi, tvarkytis
tvarkysisi, tvarkytis
tvarkysis, tvarkytis
tvarkysimės, tvarkytis
tvarkysitės, tvarkytis
tvarkyčiausi, tvarkytis
tvarkytumeisi, tvarkytis
tvarkytųsi, tvarkytis
tvarkytu(mė)mės, tvarkytis
tvarkytu(mė)tės, tvarkytis
tvarstytis, tvarstytis
tvarstausi, tvarstytis
tvarstaisi, tvarstytis
tvarstosi, tvarstytis
tvarstomės, tvarstytis
tvarstotės, tvarstytis
tvarstyks, tvarstytis
tvarstykitės, tvarstytis
tvarstykimės, tvarstytis
tvarsteisi, tvarstytis
tvarstėsi, tvarstytis
tvarstėmės, tvarstytis
tvarstėtės, tvarstytis
tvarstydavausi, tvarstytis
tvarstydavaisi, tvarstytis
tvarstydavosi, tvarstytis
tvarstydavomės, tvarstytis
tvarstydavotės, tvarstytis
tvarstysiusi, tvarstytis
tvarstysisi, tvarstytis
tvarstysis, tvarstytis
tvarstysimės, tvarstytis
tvarstysitės, tvarstytis
tvarstyčiausi, tvarstytis
tvarstytumeisi, tvarstytis
tvarstytųsi, tvarstytis
tvarstytu(mė)mės, tvarstytis
tvarstytu(mė)tės, tvarstytis
tvenktis, tvenktis
tvenkiuosi, tvenktis
tvenkiesi, tvenktis
tvenkiasi, tvenktis
tvenkiamės, tvenktis
tvenkiatės, tvenktis
tvenks, tvenktis
tvenkitės, tvenktis
tvenkimės, tvenktis
tvenkiausi, tvenktis
tvenkeisi, tvenktis
tvenkėsi, tvenktis
tvenkėmės, tvenktis
tvenkėtės, tvenktis
tvenkdavausi, tvenktis
tvenkdavaisi, tvenktis
tvenkdavosi, tvenktis
tvenkdavomės, tvenktis
tvenkdavotės, tvenktis
tvenksiusi, tvenktis
tvenksisi, tvenktis
tvenksis, tvenktis
tvenksimės, tvenktis
tvenksitės, tvenktis
tvenkčiausi, tvenktis
tvenktumeisi, tvenktis
tvenktųsi, tvenktis
tvenktu(mė)mės, tvenktis
tvenktu(mė)tės, tvenktis
tvertis, tvertis
tveriuosi, tvertis
tveriesi, tvertis
tveriasi, tvertis
tveriamės, tvertis
tveriatės, tvertis
tverks, tvertis
tverkitės, tvertis
tverkimės, tvertis
tvėriausi, tvertis
tvėreisi, tvertis
tvėrėsi, tvertis
tvėrėmės, tvertis
tvėrėtės, tvertis
tverdavausi, tvertis
tverdavaisi, tvertis
tverdavosi, tvertis
tverdavomės, tvertis
tverdavotės, tvertis
tversiusi, tvertis
tversisi, tvertis
tversis, tvertis
tversimės, tvertis
tversitės, tvertis
tverčiausi, tvertis
tvertumeisi, tvertis
tvertųsi, tvertis
tvertu(mė)mės, tvertis
tvertu(mė)tės, tvertis
tvintis, tvintis
tvinstuosi, tvintis
tvinstiesi, tvintis
tvinstasi, tvintis
tvinstamės, tvintis
tvinstatės, tvintis
tvinks, tvintis
tvinkitės, tvintis
tvinkimės, tvintis
tvinausi, tvintis
tvinaisi, tvintis
tvinosi, tvintis
tvinomės, tvintis
tvinotės, tvintis
tvindavausi, tvintis
tvindavaisi, tvintis
tvindavosi, tvintis
tvindavomės, tvintis
tvindavotės, tvintis
tvinsiusi, tvintis
tvinsisi, tvintis
tvinsis, tvintis
tvinsimės, tvintis
tvinsitės, tvintis
tvinčiausi, tvintis
tvintumeisi, tvintis
tvintųsi, tvintis
tvintu(mė)mės, tvintis
tvintu(mė)tės, tvintis
tvirtėtis, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjuosi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjiesi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjasi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjamės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjatės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėks, tvirtėtis
tvirtėkitės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėkimės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjausi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjaisi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjosi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjomės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėjotės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėdavausi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėdavaisi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėdavosi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėdavomės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėdavotės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėsiusi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėsisi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėsis, tvirtėtis
tvirtėsimės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėsitės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėčiausi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėtumeisi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėtųsi, tvirtėtis
tvirtėtu(mė)mės, tvirtėtis
tvirtėtu(mė)tės, tvirtėtis
tvirtintis, tvirtintis
tvirtinuosi, tvirtintis
tvirtiniesi, tvirtintis
tvirtinasi, tvirtintis
tvirtinamės, tvirtintis
tvirtinatės, tvirtintis
tvirtinks, tvirtintis
tvirtinkitės, tvirtintis
tvirtinkimės, tvirtintis
tvirtinausi, tvirtintis
tvirtinaisi, tvirtintis
tvirtinosi, tvirtintis
tvirtinomės, tvirtintis
tvirtinotės, tvirtintis
tvirtindavausi, tvirtintis
tvirtindavaisi, tvirtintis
tvirtindavosi, tvirtintis
tvirtindavomės, tvirtintis
tvirtindavotės, tvirtintis
tvirtinsiusi, tvirtintis
tvirtinsisi, tvirtintis
tvirtinsis, tvirtintis
tvirtinsimės, tvirtintis
tvirtinsitės, tvirtintis
tvirtinčiausi, tvirtintis
tvirtintumeisi, tvirtintis
tvirtintųsi, tvirtintis
tvirtintu(mė)mės, tvirtintis
tvirtintu(mė)tės, tvirtintis
tvykstelėtis, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjuosi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjiesi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjasi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjamės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjatės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėks, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėkitės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėkimės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjausi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjaisi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjosi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjomės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėjotės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėdavausi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėdavaisi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėdavosi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėdavomės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėdavotės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėsiusi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėsisi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėsis, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėsimės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėsitės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėčiausi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėtumeisi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėtųsi, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėtu(mė)mės, tvykstelėtis
tvykstelėtu(mė)tės, tvykstelėtis
tvyrotis, tvyrotis
tvyrausi, tvyrotis
tvyraisi, tvyrotis
tvyrosi, tvyrotis
tvyromės, tvyrotis
tvyrotės, tvyrotis
tvyroks, tvyrotis
tvyrokitės, tvyrotis
tvyrokimės, tvyrotis
tvyrojausi, tvyrotis
tvyrojaisi, tvyrotis
tvyrojosi, tvyrotis
tvyrojomės, tvyrotis
tvyrojotės, tvyrotis
tvyrodavausi, tvyrotis
tvyrodavaisi, tvyrotis
tvyrodavosi, tvyrotis
tvyrodavomės, tvyrotis
tvyrodavotės, tvyrotis
tvyrosiusi, tvyrotis
tvyrosisi, tvyrotis
tvyrosis, tvyrotis
tvyrosimės, tvyrotis
tvyrositės, tvyrotis
tvyročiausi, tvyrotis
tvyrotumeisi, tvyrotis
tvyrotųsi, tvyrotis
tvyrotu(mė)mės, tvyrotis
tvyrotu(mė)tės, tvyrotis
tykotis, tykotis
tykausi, tykotis
tykaisi, tykotis
tykosi, tykotis
tykomės, tykotis
tykotės, tykotis
tykoks, tykotis
tykokitės, tykotis
tykokimės, tykotis
tykojausi, tykotis
tykojaisi, tykotis
tykojosi, tykotis
tykojomės, tykotis
tykojotės, tykotis
tykodavausi, tykotis
tykodavaisi, tykotis
tykodavosi, tykotis
tykodavomės, tykotis
tykodavotės, tykotis
tykosiusi, tykotis
tykosisi, tykotis
tykosis, tykotis
tykosimės, tykotis
tykositės, tykotis
tykočiausi, tykotis
tykotumeisi, tykotis
tykotųsi, tykotis
tykotu(mė)mės, tykotis
tykotu(mė)tės, tykotis
tylėtis, tylėtis
tyliusi, tylėtis
tylisi, tylėtis
tylisi, tylėtis
tylimės, tylėtis
tylitės, tylėtis
tylėks, tylėtis
tylėkitės, tylėtis
tylėkimės, tylėtis
tylėjausi, tylėtis
tylėjaisi, tylėtis
tylėjosi, tylėtis
tylėjomės, tylėtis
tylėjotės, tylėtis
tylėdavausi, tylėtis
tylėdavaisi, tylėtis
tylėdavosi, tylėtis
tylėdavomės, tylėtis
tylėdavotės, tylėtis
tylėsiusi, tylėtis
tylėsisi, tylėtis
tylėsis, tylėtis
tylėsimės, tylėtis
tylėsitės, tylėtis
tylėčiausi, tylėtis
tylėtumeisi, tylėtis
tylėtųsi, tylėtis
tylėtu(mė)mės, tylėtis
tylėtu(mė)tės, tylėtis
tyrinėtis, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjuosi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjiesi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjasi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjamės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjatės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėks, tyrinėtis
tyrinėkitės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėkimės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjausi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjaisi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjosi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjomės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėjotės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėdavausi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėdavaisi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėdavosi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėdavomės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėdavotės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėsiusi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėsisi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėsis, tyrinėtis
tyrinėsimės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėsitės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėčiausi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėtumeisi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėtųsi, tyrinėtis
tyrinėtu(mė)mės, tyrinėtis
tyrinėtu(mė)tės, tyrinėtis
tysotis, tysotis
tysausi, tysotis
tysaisi, tysotis
tysosi, tysotis
tysomės, tysotis
tysotės, tysotis
tysoks, tysotis
tysokitės, tysotis
tysokimės, tysotis
tysojausi, tysotis
tysojaisi, tysotis
tysojosi, tysotis
tysojomės, tysotis
tysojotės, tysotis
tysodavausi, tysotis
tysodavaisi, tysotis
tysodavosi, tysotis
tysodavomės, tysotis
tysodavotės, tysotis
tysosiusi, tysotis
tysosisi, tysotis
tysosis, tysotis
tysosimės, tysotis
tysositės, tysotis
tysočiausi, tysotis
tysotumeisi, tysotis
tysotųsi, tysotis
tysotu(mė)mės, tysotis
tysotu(mė)tės, tysotis
ugdytis, ugdytis
ugdžausi, ugdytis
ugdaisi, ugdytis
ugdosi, ugdytis
ugdomės, ugdytis
ugdotės, ugdytis
ugdyks, ugdytis
ugdykitės, ugdytis
ugdykimės, ugdytis
ugdeisi, ugdytis
ugdėsi, ugdytis
ugdėmės, ugdytis
ugdėtės, ugdytis
ugdydavausi, ugdytis
ugdydavaisi, ugdytis
ugdydavosi, ugdytis
ugdydavomės, ugdytis
ugdydavotės, ugdytis
ugdysiusi, ugdytis
ugdysisi, ugdytis
ugdysis, ugdytis
ugdysimės, ugdytis
ugdysitės, ugdytis
ugdyčiausi, ugdytis
ugdytumeisi, ugdytis
ugdytųsi, ugdytis
ugdytu(mė)mės, ugdytis
ugdytu(mė)tės, ugdytis
ūkininkautis, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaujuosi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaujiesi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaujasi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaujamės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaujatės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkauks, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaukitės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaukimės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkavausi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkavaisi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkavosi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkavomės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkavotės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaudavausi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaudavaisi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaudavosi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaudavomės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaudavotės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkausiusi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkausisi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkausis, ūkininkautis
ūkininkausimės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkausitės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkaučiausi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkautumeisi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkautųsi, ūkininkautis
ūkininkautu(mė)mės, ūkininkautis
ūkininkautu(mė)tės, ūkininkautis
ūktis, ūktis
ūkiuosi, ūktis
ūkiesi, ūktis
ūkiasi, ūktis
ūkiamės, ūktis
ūkiatės, ūktis
ūks, ūktis
ūkitės, ūktis
ūkimės, ūktis
ūkiausi, ūktis
ūkeisi, ūktis
ūkėsi, ūktis
ūkėmės, ūktis
ūkėtės, ūktis
ūkdavausi, ūktis
ūkdavaisi, ūktis
ūkdavosi, ūktis
ūkdavomės, ūktis
ūkdavotės, ūktis
ūksiusi, ūktis
ūksisi, ūktis
ūksis, ūktis
ūksimės, ūktis
ūksitės, ūktis
ūkčiausi, ūktis
ūktumeisi, ūktis
ūktųsi, ūktis
ūktu(mė)mės, ūktis
ūktu(mė)tės, ūktis
uogautis, uogautis
uogaujuosi, uogautis
uogaujiesi, uogautis
uogaujasi, uogautis
uogaujamės, uogautis
uogaujatės, uogautis
uogauks, uogautis
uogaukitės, uogautis
uogaukimės, uogautis
uogavausi, uogautis
uogavaisi, uogautis
uogavosi, uogautis
uogavomės, uogautis
uogavotės, uogautis
uogaudavausi, uogautis
uogaudavaisi, uogautis
uogaudavosi, uogautis
uogaudavomės, uogautis
uogaudavotės, uogautis
uogausiusi, uogautis
uogausisi, uogautis
uogausis, uogautis
uogausimės, uogautis
uogausitės, uogautis
uogaučiausi, uogautis
uogautumeisi, uogautis
uogautųsi, uogautis
uogautu(mė)mės, uogautis
uogautu(mė)tės, uogautis
uostis, uostis
uodžiuosi, uostis
uodžiesi, uostis
uodžiasi, uostis
uodžiamės, uostis
uodžiatės, uostis
uosks, uostis
uoskitės, uostis
uoskimės, uostis
uodeisi, uostis
uodėsi, uostis
uodėmės, uostis
uodėtės, uostis
uosdavausi, uostis
uosdavaisi, uostis
uosdavosi, uostis
uosdavomės, uostis
uosdavotės, uostis
uosiusi, uostis
uosisi, uostis
uosis, uostis
uosimės, uostis
uositės, uostis
uosčiausi, uostis
uostumeisi, uostis
uostųsi, uostis
uostu(mė)mės, uostis
uostu(mė)tės, uostis
uostytis, uostytis
uostausi, uostytis
uostaisi, uostytis
uostosi, uostytis
uostomės, uostytis
uostotės, uostytis
uostyks, uostytis
uostykitės, uostytis
uostykimės, uostytis
uosteisi, uostytis
uostėsi, uostytis
uostėmės, uostytis
uostėtės, uostytis
uostydavausi, uostytis
uostydavaisi, uostytis
uostydavosi, uostytis
uostydavomės, uostytis
uostydavotės, uostytis
uostysiusi, uostytis
uostysisi, uostytis
uostysis, uostytis
uostysimės, uostytis
uostysitės, uostytis
uostyčiausi, uostytis
uostytumeisi, uostytis
uostytųsi, uostytis
uostytu(mė)mės, uostytis
uostytu(mė)tės, uostytis
urgztis, urgztis
urzgiuosi, urgztis
urzgiesi, urgztis
urzgiasi, urgztis
urzgiamės, urgztis
urzgiatės, urgztis
urgzks, urgztis
urgzkitės, urgztis
urgzkimės, urgztis
urzgiausi, urgztis
urzgeisi, urgztis
urzgėsi, urgztis
urzgėmės, urgztis
urzgėtės, urgztis
urgzdavausi, urgztis
urgzdavaisi, urgztis
urgzdavosi, urgztis
urgzdavomės, urgztis
urgzdavotės, urgztis
urgzsiusi, urgztis
urgzsisi, urgztis
urgzsis, urgztis
urgzsimės, urgztis
urgzsitės, urgztis
urgzčiausi, urgztis
urgztumeisi, urgztis
urgztųsi, urgztis
urgztu(mė)mės, urgztis
urgztu(mė)tės, urgztis
utilizuotis, utilizuotis
utilizuojuosi, utilizuotis
utilizuojiesi, utilizuotis
utilizuojasi, utilizuotis
utilizuojamės, utilizuotis
utilizuojatės, utilizuotis
utilizuoks, utilizuotis
utilizuokitės, utilizuotis
utilizuokimės, utilizuotis
utilizavausi, utilizuotis
utilizavaisi, utilizuotis
utilizavosi, utilizuotis
utilizavomės, utilizuotis
utilizavotės, utilizuotis
utilizuodavausi, utilizuotis
utilizuodavaisi, utilizuotis
utilizuodavosi, utilizuotis
utilizuodavomės, utilizuotis
utilizuodavotės, utilizuotis
utilizuosiusi, utilizuotis
utilizuosisi, utilizuotis
utilizuosis, utilizuotis
utilizuosimės, utilizuotis
utilizuositės, utilizuotis
utilizuočiausi, utilizuotis
utilizuotumeisi, utilizuotis
utilizuotųsi, utilizuotis
utilizuotu(mė)mės, utilizuotis
utilizuotu(mė)tės, utilizuotis
ūžtis, ūžtis
ūžiuosi, ūžtis
ūžiesi, ūžtis
ūžiasi, ūžtis
ūžiamės, ūžtis
ūžiatės, ūžtis
ūžks, ūžtis
ūžkitės, ūžtis
ūžkimės, ūžtis
ūžiausi, ūžtis
ūžeisi, ūžtis
ūžėsi, ūžtis
ūžėmės, ūžtis
ūžėtės, ūžtis
ūždavausi, ūžtis
ūždavaisi, ūžtis
ūždavosi, ūžtis
ūždavomės, ūžtis
ūždavotės, ūžtis
ūžšiusi, ūžtis
ūžšisi, ūžtis
ūžšis, ūžtis
ūžšimės, ūžtis
ūžšitės, ūžtis
ūžčiausi, ūžtis
ūžtumeisi, ūžtis
ūžtųsi, ūžtis
ūžtu(mė)mės, ūžtis
ūžtu(mė)tės, ūžtis
vadintis, vadintis
vadinuosi, vadintis
vadiniesi, vadintis
vadinasi, vadintis
vadinamės, vadintis
vadinatės, vadintis
vadinks, vadintis
vadinkitės, vadintis
vadinkimės, vadintis
vadinausi, vadintis
vadinaisi, vadintis
vadinosi, vadintis
vadinomės, vadintis
vadinotės, vadintis
vadindavausi, vadintis
vadindavaisi, vadintis
vadindavosi, vadintis
vadindavomės, vadintis
vadindavotės, vadintis
vadinsiusi, vadintis
vadinsisi, vadintis
vadinsis, vadintis
vadinsimės, vadintis
vadinsitės, vadintis
vadinčiausi, vadintis
vadintumeisi, vadintis
vadintųsi, vadintis
vadintu(mė)mės, vadintis
vadintu(mė)tės, vadintis
vadovautis, vadovautis
vadovaujuosi, vadovautis
vadovaujiesi, vadovautis
vadovaujasi, vadovautis
vadovaujamės, vadovautis
vadovaujatės, vadovautis
vadovauks, vadovautis
vadovaukitės, vadovautis
vadovaukimės, vadovautis
vadovavausi, vadovautis
vadovavaisi, vadovautis
vadovavosi, vadovautis
vadovavomės, vadovautis
vadovavotės, vadovautis
vadovaudavausi, vadovautis
vadovaudavaisi, vadovautis
vadovaudavosi, vadovautis
vadovaudavomės, vadovautis
vadovaudavotės, vadovautis
vadovausiusi, vadovautis
vadovausisi, vadovautis
vadovausis, vadovautis
vadovausimės, vadovautis
vadovausitės, vadovautis
vadovaučiausi, vadovautis
vadovautumeisi, vadovautis
vadovautųsi, vadovautis
vadovautu(mė)mės, vadovautis
vadovautu(mė)tės, vadovautis
vadžiotis, vadžiotis
vadžiojuosi, vadžiotis
vadžiojiesi, vadžiotis
vadžiojasi, vadžiotis
vadžiojamės, vadžiotis
vadžiojatės, vadžiotis
vadžioks, vadžiotis
vadžiokitės, vadžiotis
vadžiokimės, vadžiotis
vadžiojausi, vadžiotis
vadžiojaisi, vadžiotis
vadžiojosi, vadžiotis
vadžiojomės, vadžiotis
vadžiojotės, vadžiotis
vadžiodavausi, vadžiotis
vadžiodavaisi, vadžiotis
vadžiodavosi, vadžiotis
vadžiodavomės, vadžiotis
vadžiodavotės, vadžiotis
vadžiosiusi, vadžiotis
vadžiosisi, vadžiotis
vadžiosis, vadžiotis
vadžiosimės, vadžiotis
vadžiositės, vadžiotis
vadžiočiausi, vadžiotis
vadžiotumeisi, vadžiotis
vadžiotųsi, vadžiotis
vadžiotu(mė)mės, vadžiotis
vadžiotu(mė)tės, vadžiotis
vagiliautis, vagiliautis
vagiliaujuosi, vagiliautis
vagiliaujiesi, vagiliautis
vagiliaujasi, vagiliautis
vagiliaujamės, vagiliautis
vagiliaujatės, vagiliautis
vagiliauks, vagiliautis
vagiliaukitės, vagiliautis
vagiliaukimės, vagiliautis
vagiliavausi, vagiliautis
vagiliavaisi, vagiliautis
vagiliavosi, vagiliautis
vagiliavomės, vagiliautis
vagiliavotės, vagiliautis
vagiliaudavausi, vagiliautis
vagiliaudavaisi, vagiliautis
vagiliaudavosi, vagiliautis
vagiliaudavomės, vagiliautis
vagiliaudavotės, vagiliautis
vagiliausiusi, vagiliautis
vagiliausisi, vagiliautis
vagiliausis, vagiliautis
vagiliausimės, vagiliautis
vagiliausitės, vagiliautis
vagiliaučiausi, vagiliautis
vagiliautumeisi, vagiliautis
vagiliautųsi, vagiliautis
vagiliautu(mė)mės, vagiliautis
vagiliautu(mė)tės, vagiliautis
vagotis, vagotis
vagojuosi, vagotis
vagojiesi, vagotis
vagojasi, vagotis
vagojamės, vagotis
vagojatės, vagotis
vagoks, vagotis
vagokitės, vagotis
vagokimės, vagotis
vagojausi, vagotis
vagojaisi, vagotis
vagojosi, vagotis
vagojomės, vagotis
vagojotės, vagotis
vagodavausi, vagotis
vagodavaisi, vagotis
vagodavosi, vagotis
vagodavomės, vagotis
vagodavotės, vagotis
vagosiusi, vagotis
vagosisi, vagotis
vagosis, vagotis
vagosimės, vagotis
vagositės, vagotis
vagočiausi, vagotis
vagotumeisi, vagotis
vagotųsi, vagotis
vagotu(mė)mės, vagotis
vagotu(mė)tės, vagotis
vaidintis, vaidintis
vaidinuosi, vaidintis
vaidiniesi, vaidintis
vaidinasi, vaidintis
vaidinamės, vaidintis
vaidinatės, vaidintis
vaidinks, vaidintis
vaidinkitės, vaidintis
vaidinkimės, vaidintis
vaidinausi, vaidintis
vaidinaisi, vaidintis
vaidinosi, vaidintis
vaidinomės, vaidintis
vaidinotės, vaidintis
vaidindavausi, vaidintis
vaidindavaisi, vaidintis
vaidindavosi, vaidintis
vaidindavomės, vaidintis
vaidindavotės, vaidintis
vaidinsiusi, vaidintis
vaidinsisi, vaidintis
vaidinsis, vaidintis
vaidinsimės, vaidintis
vaidinsitės, vaidintis
vaidinčiausi, vaidintis
vaidintumeisi, vaidintis
vaidintųsi, vaidintis
vaidintu(mė)mės, vaidintis
vaidintu(mė)tės, vaidintis
vaikščiotis, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojuosi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojiesi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojasi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojamės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojatės, vaikščiotis
vaikščioks, vaikščiotis
vaikščiokitės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiokimės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojausi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojaisi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojosi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojomės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiojotės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiodavausi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiodavaisi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiodavosi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiodavomės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiodavotės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiosiusi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiosisi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiosis, vaikščiotis
vaikščiosimės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiositės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiočiausi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiotumeisi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiotųsi, vaikščiotis
vaikščiotu(mė)mės, vaikščiotis
vaikščiotu(mė)tės, vaikščiotis
vaikštinėtis, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjuosi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjiesi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjasi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjamės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjatės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėks, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėkitės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėkimės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjausi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjaisi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjosi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjomės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėjotės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėdavausi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėdavaisi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėdavosi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėdavomės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėdavotės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėsiusi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėsisi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėsis, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėsimės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėsitės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėčiausi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėtumeisi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėtųsi, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėtu(mė)mės, vaikštinėtis
vaikštinėtu(mė)tės, vaikštinėtis
vaikytis, vaikytis
vaikausi, vaikytis
vaikaisi, vaikytis
vaikosi, vaikytis
vaikomės, vaikytis
vaikotės, vaikytis
vaikyks, vaikytis
vaikykitės, vaikytis
vaikykimės, vaikytis
vaikiausi, vaikytis
vaikeisi, vaikytis
vaikėsi, vaikytis
vaikėmės, vaikytis
vaikėtės, vaikytis
vaikydavausi, vaikytis
vaikydavaisi, vaikytis
vaikydavosi, vaikytis
vaikydavomės, vaikytis
vaikydavotės, vaikytis
vaikysiusi, vaikytis
vaikysisi, vaikytis
vaikysis, vaikytis
vaikysimės, vaikytis
vaikysitės, vaikytis
vaikyčiausi, vaikytis
vaikytumeisi, vaikytis
vaikytųsi, vaikytis
vaikytu(mė)mės, vaikytis
vaikytu(mė)tės, vaikytis
vainikuotis, vainikuotis
vainikuojuosi, vainikuotis
vainikuojiesi, vainikuotis
vainikuojasi, vainikuotis
vainikuojamės, vainikuotis
vainikuojatės, vainikuotis
vainikuoks, vainikuotis
vainikuokitės, vainikuotis
vainikuokimės, vainikuotis
vainikavausi, vainikuotis
vainikavaisi, vainikuotis
vainikavosi, vainikuotis
vainikavomės, vainikuotis
vainikavotės, vainikuotis
vainikuodavausi, vainikuotis
vainikuodavaisi, vainikuotis
vainikuodavosi, vainikuotis
vainikuodavomės, vainikuotis
vainikuodavotės, vainikuotis
vainikuosiusi, vainikuotis
vainikuosisi, vainikuotis
vainikuosis, vainikuotis
vainikuosimės, vainikuotis
vainikuositės, vainikuotis
vainikuočiausi, vainikuotis
vainikuotumeisi, vainikuotis
vainikuotųsi, vainikuotis
vainikuotu(mė)mės, vainikuotis
vainikuotu(mė)tės, vainikuotis
vaipytis, vaipytis
vaipausi, vaipytis
vaipaisi, vaipytis
vaiposi, vaipytis
vaipomės, vaipytis
vaipotės, vaipytis
vaipyks, vaipytis
vaipykitės, vaipytis
vaipykimės, vaipytis
vaipiausi, vaipytis
vaipeisi, vaipytis
vaipėsi, vaipytis
vaipėmės, vaipytis
vaipėtės, vaipytis
vaipydavausi, vaipytis
vaipydavaisi, vaipytis
vaipydavosi, vaipytis
vaipydavomės, vaipytis
vaipydavotės, vaipytis
vaipysiusi, vaipytis
vaipysisi, vaipytis
vaipysis, vaipytis
vaipysimės, vaipytis
vaipysitės, vaipytis
vaipyčiausi, vaipytis
vaipytumeisi, vaipytis
vaipytųsi, vaipytis
vaipytu(mė)mės, vaipytis
vaipytu(mė)tės, vaipytis
vairuotis, vairuotis
vairuojuosi, vairuotis
vairuojiesi, vairuotis
vairuojasi, vairuotis
vairuojamės, vairuotis
vairuojatės, vairuotis
vairuoks, vairuotis
vairuokitės, vairuotis
vairuokimės, vairuotis
vairavausi, vairuotis
vairavaisi, vairuotis
vairavosi, vairuotis
vairavomės, vairuotis
vairavotės, vairuotis
vairuodavausi, vairuotis
vairuodavaisi, vairuotis
vairuodavosi, vairuotis
vairuodavomės, vairuotis
vairuodavotės, vairuotis
vairuosiusi, vairuotis
vairuosisi, vairuotis
vairuosis, vairuotis
vairuosimės, vairuotis
vairuositės, vairuotis
vairuočiausi, vairuotis
vairuotumeisi, vairuotis
vairuotųsi, vairuotis
vairuotu(mė)mės, vairuotis
vairuotu(mė)tės, vairuotis
vaisintis, vaisintis
vaisinuosi, vaisintis
vaisiniesi, vaisintis
vaisinasi, vaisintis
vaisinamės, vaisintis
vaisinatės, vaisintis
vaisinks, vaisintis
vaisinkitės, vaisintis
vaisinkimės, vaisintis
vaisinausi, vaisintis
vaisinaisi, vaisintis
vaisinosi, vaisintis
vaisinomės, vaisintis
vaisinotės, vaisintis
vaisindavausi, vaisintis
vaisindavaisi, vaisintis
vaisindavosi, vaisintis
vaisindavomės, vaisintis
vaisindavotės, vaisintis
vaisinsiusi, vaisintis
vaisinsisi, vaisintis
vaisinsis, vaisintis
vaisinsimės, vaisintis
vaisinsitės, vaisintis
vaisinčiausi, vaisintis
vaisintumeisi, vaisintis
vaisintųsi, vaisintis
vaisintu(mė)mės, vaisintis
vaisintu(mė)tės, vaisintis
vaišintis, vaišintis
vaisinuosi, vaišintis
vaisiniesi, vaišintis
vaisinasi, vaišintis
vaisinamės, vaišintis
vaisinatės, vaišintis
vaišinks, vaišintis
vaišinkitės, vaišintis
vaišinkimės, vaišintis
vaisinausi, vaišintis
vaisinaisi, vaišintis
vaisinosi, vaišintis
vaisinomės, vaišintis
vaisinotės, vaišintis
vaišindavausi, vaišintis
vaišindavaisi, vaišintis
vaišindavosi, vaišintis
vaišindavomės, vaišintis
vaišindavotės, vaišintis
vaišinsiusi, vaišintis
vaišinsisi, vaišintis
vaišinsis, vaišintis
vaišinsimės, vaišintis
vaišinsitės, vaišintis
vaišinčiausi, vaišintis
vaišintumeisi, vaišintis
vaišintųsi, vaišintis
vaišintu(mė)mės, vaišintis
vaišintu(mė)tės, vaišintis
vaizduotis, vaizduotis
vaizduojuosi, vaizduotis
vaizduojiesi, vaizduotis
vaizduojasi, vaizduotis
vaizduojamės, vaizduotis
vaizduojatės, vaizduotis
vaizduoks, vaizduotis
vaizduokitės, vaizduotis
vaizduokimės, vaizduotis
vaizdavausi, vaizduotis
vaizdavaisi, vaizduotis
vaizdavosi, vaizduotis
vaizdavomės, vaizduotis
vaizdavotės, vaizduotis
vaizduodavausi, vaizduotis
vaizduodavaisi, vaizduotis
vaizduodavosi, vaizduotis
vaizduodavomės, vaizduotis
vaizduodavotės, vaizduotis
vaizduosiusi, vaizduotis
vaizduosisi, vaizduotis
vaizduosis, vaizduotis
vaizduosimės, vaizduotis
vaizduositės, vaizduotis
vaizduočiausi, vaizduotis
vaizduotumeisi, vaizduotis
vaizduotųsi, vaizduotis
vaizduotu(mė)mės, vaizduotis
vaizduotu(mė)tės, vaizduotis
vakarieniautis, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaujuosi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaujiesi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaujasi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaujamės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaujatės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniauks, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaukitės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaukimės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniavausi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniavaisi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniavosi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniavomės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniavotės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaudavausi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaudavaisi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaudavosi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaudavomės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaudavotės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniausiusi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniausisi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniausis, vakarieniautis
vakarieniausimės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniausitės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniaučiausi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniautumeisi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniautųsi, vakarieniautis
vakarieniautu(mė)mės, vakarieniautis
vakarieniautu(mė)tės, vakarieniautis
valdytis, valdytis
valdžausi, valdytis
valdaisi, valdytis
valdosi, valdytis
valdomės, valdytis
valdotės, valdytis
valdyks, valdytis
valdykitės, valdytis
valdykimės, valdytis
valdeisi, valdytis
valdėsi, valdytis
valdėmės, valdytis
valdėtės, valdytis
valdydavausi, valdytis
valdydavaisi, valdytis
valdydavosi, valdytis
valdydavomės, valdytis
valdydavotės, valdytis
valdysiusi, valdytis
valdysisi, valdytis
valdysis, valdytis
valdysimės, valdytis
valdysitės, valdytis
valdyčiausi, valdytis
valdytumeisi, valdytis
valdytųsi, valdytis
valdytu(mė)mės, valdytis
valdytu(mė)tės, valdytis
valgydintis, valgydintis
valgydinuosi, valgydintis
valgydiniesi, valgydintis
valgydinasi, valgydintis
valgydinamės, valgydintis
valgydinatės, valgydintis
valgydinks, valgydintis
valgydinkitės, valgydintis
valgydinkimės, valgydintis
valgydinausi, valgydintis
valgydinaisi, valgydintis
valgydinosi, valgydintis
valgydinomės, valgydintis
valgydinotės, valgydintis
valgydindavausi, valgydintis
valgydindavaisi, valgydintis
valgydindavosi, valgydintis
valgydindavomės, valgydintis
valgydindavotės, valgydintis
valgydinsiusi, valgydintis
valgydinsisi, valgydintis
valgydinsis, valgydintis
valgydinsimės, valgydintis
valgydinsitės, valgydintis
valgydinčiausi, valgydintis
valgydintumeisi, valgydintis
valgydintųsi, valgydintis
valgydintu(mė)mės, valgydintis
valgydintu(mė)tės, valgydintis
valgytis, valgytis
valgausi, valgytis
valgaisi, valgytis
valgosi, valgytis
valgomės, valgytis
valgotės, valgytis
valgyks, valgytis
valgykitės, valgytis
valgykimės, valgytis
valgiausi, valgytis
valgeisi, valgytis
valgėsi, valgytis
valgėmės, valgytis
valgėtės, valgytis
valgydavausi, valgytis
valgydavaisi, valgytis
valgydavosi, valgytis
valgydavomės, valgytis
valgydavotės, valgytis
valgysiusi, valgytis
valgysisi, valgytis
valgysis, valgytis
valgysimės, valgytis
valgysitės, valgytis
valgyčiausi, valgytis
valgytumeisi, valgytis
valgytųsi, valgytis
valgytu(mė)mės, valgytis
valgytu(mė)tės, valgytis
valiotis, valiotis
valiojuosi, valiotis
valiojiesi, valiotis
valiojasi, valiotis
valiojamės, valiotis
valiojatės, valiotis
valioks, valiotis
valiokitės, valiotis
valiokimės, valiotis
valiojausi, valiotis
valiojaisi, valiotis
valiojosi, valiotis
valiojomės, valiotis
valiojotės, valiotis
valiodavausi, valiotis
valiodavaisi, valiotis
valiodavosi, valiotis
valiodavomės, valiotis
valiodavotės, valiotis
valiosiusi, valiotis
valiosisi, valiotis
valiosis, valiotis
valiosimės, valiotis
valiositės, valiotis
valiočiausi, valiotis
valiotumeisi, valiotis
valiotųsi, valiotis
valiotu(mė)mės, valiotis
valiotu(mė)tės, valiotis
valkatautis, valkatautis
valkataujuosi, valkatautis
valkataujiesi, valkatautis
valkataujasi, valkatautis
valkataujamės, valkatautis
valkataujatės, valkatautis
valkatauks, valkatautis
valkataukitės, valkatautis
valkataukimės, valkatautis
valkatavausi, valkatautis
valkatavaisi, valkatautis
valkatavosi, valkatautis
valkatavomės, valkatautis
valkatavotės, valkatautis
valkataudavausi, valkatautis
valkataudavaisi, valkatautis
valkataudavosi, valkatautis
valkataudavomės, valkatautis
valkataudavotės, valkatautis
valkatausiusi, valkatautis
valkatausisi, valkatautis
valkatausis, valkatautis
valkatausimės, valkatautis
valkatausitės, valkatautis
valkataučiausi, valkatautis
valkatautumeisi, valkatautis
valkatautųsi, valkatautis
valkatautu(mė)mės, valkatautis
valkatautu(mė)tės, valkatautis
valytis, valytis
valausi, valytis
valaisi, valytis
valosi, valytis
valomės, valytis
valotės, valytis
valyks, valytis
valykitės, valytis
valykimės, valytis
valiausi, valytis
valeisi, valytis
valėsi, valytis
valėmės, valytis
valėtės, valytis
valydavausi, valytis
valydavaisi, valytis
valydavosi, valytis
valydavomės, valytis
valydavotės, valytis
valysiusi, valytis
valysisi, valytis
valysis, valytis
valysimės, valytis
valysitės, valytis
valyčiausi, valytis
valytumeisi, valytis
valytųsi, valytis
valytu(mė)mės, valytis
valytu(mė)tės, valytis
vanotis, vanotis
vanojuosi, vanotis
vanojiesi, vanotis
vanojasi, vanotis
vanojamės, vanotis
vanojatės, vanotis
vanoks, vanotis
vanokitės, vanotis
vanokimės, vanotis
vanojausi, vanotis
vanojaisi, vanotis
vanojosi, vanotis
vanojomės, vanotis
vanojotės, vanotis
vanodavausi, vanotis
vanodavaisi, vanotis
vanodavosi, vanotis
vanodavomės, vanotis
vanodavotės, vanotis
vanosiusi, vanotis
vanosisi, vanotis
vanosis, vanotis
vanosimės, vanotis
vanositės, vanotis
vanočiausi, vanotis
vanotumeisi, vanotis
vanotųsi, vanotis
vanotu(mė)mės, vanotis
vanotu(mė)tės, vanotis
vardintis, vardintis
vardinuosi, vardintis
vardiniesi, vardintis
vardinasi, vardintis
vardinamės, vardintis
vardinatės, vardintis
vardinks, vardintis
vardinkitės, vardintis
vardinkimės, vardintis
vardinausi, vardintis
vardinaisi, vardintis
vardinosi, vardintis
vardinomės, vardintis
vardinotės, vardintis
vardindavausi, vardintis
vardindavaisi, vardintis
vardindavosi, vardintis
vardindavomės, vardintis
vardindavotės, vardintis
vardinsiusi, vardintis
vardinsisi, vardintis
vardinsis, vardintis
vardinsimės, vardintis
vardinsitės, vardintis
vardinčiausi, vardintis
vardintumeisi, vardintis
vardintųsi, vardintis
vardintu(mė)mės, vardintis
vardintu(mė)tės, vardintis
vardytis, vardytis
vardijuosi, vardytis
vardijiesi, vardytis
vardijasi, vardytis
vardijamės, vardytis
vardijatės, vardytis
vardyks, vardytis
vardykitės, vardytis
vardykimės, vardytis
vardijausi, vardytis
vardijaisi, vardytis
vardijosi, vardytis
vardijomės, vardytis
vardijotės, vardytis
vardydavausi, vardytis
vardydavaisi, vardytis
vardydavosi, vardytis
vardydavomės, vardytis
vardydavotės, vardytis
vardysiusi, vardytis
vardysisi, vardytis
vardisis, vardytis
vardysimės, vardytis
vardysitės, vardytis
vardyčiausi, vardytis
vardytumeisi, vardytis
vardytųsi, vardytis
vardytu(mė)mės, vardytis
vardytu(mė)tės, vardytis
vargintis, vargintis
varginuosi, vargintis
varginiesi, vargintis
varginasi, vargintis
varginamės, vargintis
varginatės, vargintis
varginks, vargintis
varginkitės, vargintis
varginkimės, vargintis
varginausi, vargintis
varginaisi, vargintis
varginosi, vargintis
varginomės, vargintis
varginotės, vargintis
vargindavausi, vargintis
vargindavaisi, vargintis
vargindavosi, vargintis
vargindavomės, vargintis
vargindavotės, vargintis
varginsiusi, vargintis
varginsisi, vargintis
varginsis, vargintis
varginsimės, vargintis
varginsitės, vargintis
varginčiausi, vargintis
vargintumeisi, vargintis
vargintųsi, vargintis
vargintu(mė)mės, vargintis
vargintu(mė)tės, vargintis
vargtis, vargtis
vargstuosi, vargtis
vargstiesi, vargtis
vargstasi, vargtis
vargstamės, vargtis
vargstatės, vargtis
varks, vargtis
varkitės, vargtis
varkimės, vargtis
vargausi, vargtis
vargaisi, vargtis
vargosi, vargtis
vargomės, vargtis
vargotės, vargtis
vargdavausi, vargtis
vargdavaisi, vargtis
vargdavosi, vargtis
vargdavomės, vargtis
vargdavotės, vargtis
vargsiusi, vargtis
vargsisi, vargtis
vargsis, vargtis
vargsimės, vargtis
vargsitės, vargtis
vargčiausi, vargtis
vargtumeisi, vargtis
vargtųsi, vargtis
vargtu(mė)mės, vargtis
vargtu(mė)tės, vargtis
varinėtis, varinėtis
varinėjuosi, varinėtis
varinėjiesi, varinėtis
varinėjasi, varinėtis
varinėjamės, varinėtis
varinėjatės, varinėtis
varinėks, varinėtis
varinėkitės, varinėtis
varinėkimės, varinėtis
varinėjausi, varinėtis
varinėjaisi, varinėtis
varinėjosi, varinėtis
varinėjomės, varinėtis
varinėjotės, varinėtis
varinėdavausi, varinėtis
varinėdavaisi, varinėtis
varinėdavosi, varinėtis
varinėdavomės, varinėtis
varinėdavotės, varinėtis
varinėsiusi, varinėtis
varinėsisi, varinėtis
varinėsis, varinėtis
varinėsimės, varinėtis
varinėsitės, varinėtis
varinėčiausi, varinėtis
varinėtumeisi, varinėtis
varinėtųsi, varinėtis
varinėtu(mė)mės, varinėtis
varinėtu(mė)tės, varinėtis
varstytis, varstytis
varstausi, varstytis
varstaisi, varstytis
varstosi, varstytis
varstomės, varstytis
varstotės, varstytis
varstyks, varstytis
varstykitės, varstytis
varstykimės, varstytis
varsteisi, varstytis
varstėsi, varstytis
varstėmės, varstytis
varstėtės, varstytis
varstydavausi, varstytis
varstydavaisi, varstytis
varstydavosi, varstytis
varstydavomės, varstytis
varstydavotės, varstytis
varstysiusi, varstytis
varstysisi, varstytis
varstysis, varstytis
varstysimės, varstytis
varstysitės, varstytis
varstyčiausi, varstytis
varstytumeisi, varstytis
varstytųsi, varstytis
varstytu(mė)mės, varstytis
varstytu(mė)tės, varstytis
vartotis, vartotis
vartojuosi, vartotis
vartojiesi, vartotis
vartojasi, vartotis
vartojamės, vartotis
vartojatės, vartotis
vartoks, vartotis
vartokitės, vartotis
vartokimės, vartotis
vartojausi, vartotis
vartojaisi, vartotis
vartojosi, vartotis
vartojomės, vartotis
vartojotės, vartotis
vartodavausi, vartotis
vartodavaisi, vartotis
vartodavosi, vartotis
vartodavomės, vartotis
vartodavotės, vartotis
vartosiusi, vartotis
vartosisi, vartotis
vartosis, vartotis
vartosimės, vartotis
vartositės, vartotis
vartočiausi, vartotis
vartotumeisi, vartotis
vartotųsi, vartotis
vartotu(mė)mės, vartotis
vartotu(mė)tės, vartotis
vartytis, vartytis
vartausi, vartytis
vartaisi, vartytis
vartosi, vartytis
vartomės, vartytis
vartotės, vartytis
vartyks, vartytis
vartykitės, vartytis
vartykimės, vartytis
varteisi, vartytis
vartėsi, vartytis
vartėmės, vartytis
vartėtės, vartytis
vartydavausi, vartytis
vartydavaisi, vartytis
vartydavosi, vartytis
vartydavomės, vartytis
vartydavotės, vartytis
vartysiusi, vartytis
vartysisi, vartytis
vartysis, vartytis
vartysimės, vartytis
vartysitės, vartytis
vartyčiausi, vartytis
vartytumeisi, vartytis
vartytųsi, vartytis
vartytu(mė)mės, vartytis
vartytu(mė)tės, vartytis
varvėtis, varvėtis
varvuosi, varvėtis
varviesi, varvėtis
varvasi, varvėtis
varvamės, varvėtis
varvatės, varvėtis
varvėks, varvėtis
varvėkitės, varvėtis
varvėkimės, varvėtis
varvėjausi, varvėtis
varvėjaisi, varvėtis
varvėjosi, varvėtis
varvėjomės, varvėtis
varvėjotės, varvėtis
varvėdavausi, varvėtis
varvėdavaisi, varvėtis
varvėdavosi, varvėtis
varvėdavomės, varvėtis
varvėdavotės, varvėtis
varvėsiusi, varvėtis
varvėsisi, varvėtis
varvėsis, varvėtis
varvėsimės, varvėtis
varvėsitės, varvėtis
varvėčiausi, varvėtis
varvėtumeisi, varvėtis
varvėtųsi, varvėtis
varvėtu(mė)mės, varvėtis
varvėtu(mė)tės, varvėtis
varytis, varytis
varausi, varytis
varaisi, varytis
varosi, varytis
varomės, varytis
varotės, varytis
varyks, varytis
varykitės, varytis
varykimės, varytis
variausi, varytis
vareisi, varytis
varėsi, varytis
varėmės, varytis
varėtės, varytis
varydavausi, varytis
varydavaisi, varytis
varydavosi, varytis
varydavomės, varytis
varydavotės, varytis
varysiusi, varytis
varysisi, varytis
varysis, varytis
varysimės, varytis
varysitės, varytis
varyčiausi, varytis
varytumeisi, varytis
varytųsi, varytis
varytu(mė)mės, varytis
varytu(mė)tės, varytis
varžytis, varžytis
varžausi, varžytis
varžaisi, varžytis
varžosi, varžytis
varžomės, varžytis
varžotės, varžytis
varžyks, varžytis
varžykitės, varžytis
varžykimės, varžytis
varžiausi, varžytis
varžeisi, varžytis
varžėsi, varžytis
varžėmės, varžytis
varžėtės, varžytis
varžydavausi, varžytis
varžydavaisi, varžytis
varžydavosi, varžytis
varžydavomės, varžytis
varžydavotės, varžytis
varžysiusi, varžytis
varžysisi, varžytis
varžysis, varžytis
varžysimės, varžytis
varžysitės, varžytis
varžyčiausi, varžytis
varžytumeisi, varžytis
varžytųsi, varžytis
varžytu(mė)mės, varžytis
varžytu(mė)tės, varžytis
vasarotis, vasarotis
vasarojuosi, vasarotis
vasarojiesi, vasarotis
vasarojasi, vasarotis
vasarojamės, vasarotis
vasarojatės, vasarotis
vasaroks, vasarotis
vasarokitės, vasarotis
vasarokimės, vasarotis
vasarojausi, vasarotis
vasarojaisi, vasarotis
vasarojosi, vasarotis
vasarojomės, vasarotis
vasarojotės, vasarotis
vasarodavausi, vasarotis
vasarodavaisi, vasarotis
vasarodavosi, vasarotis
vasarodavomės, vasarotis
vasarodavotės, vasarotis
vasarosiusi, vasarotis
vasarosisi, vasarotis
vasarosis, vasarotis
vasarosimės, vasarotis
vasarositės, vasarotis
vasaročiausi, vasarotis
vasarotumeisi, vasarotis
vasarotųsi, vasarotis
vasarotu(mė)mės, vasarotis
vasarotu(mė)tės, vasarotis
vaškuotis, vaškuotis
vaškuojuosi, vaškuotis
vaškuojiesi, vaškuotis
vaškuojasi, vaškuotis
vaškuojamės, vaškuotis
vaškuojatės, vaškuotis
vaškuoks, vaškuotis
vaškuokitės, vaškuotis
vaškuokimės, vaškuotis
vaškavausi, vaškuotis
vaškavaisi, vaškuotis
vaškavosi, vaškuotis
vaškavomės, vaškuotis
vaškavotės, vaškuotis
vaškuodavausi, vaškuotis
vaškuodavaisi, vaškuotis
vaškuodavosi, vaškuotis
vaškuodavomės, vaškuotis
vaškuodavotės, vaškuotis
vaškuosiusi, vaškuotis
vaškuosisi, vaškuotis
vaškuosis, vaškuotis
vaškuosimės, vaškuotis
vaškuositės, vaškuotis
vaškuočiausi, vaškuotis
vaškuotumeisi, vaškuotis
vaškuotųsi, vaškuotis
vaškuotu(mė)mės, vaškuotis
vaškuotu(mė)tės, vaškuotis
važinėtis, važinėtis
važinėjuosi, važinėtis
važinėjiesi, važinėtis
važinėjasi, važinėtis
važinėjamės, važinėtis
važinėjatės, važinėtis
važinėks, važinėtis
važinėkitės, važinėtis
važinėkimės, važinėtis
važinėjausi, važinėtis
važinėjaisi, važinėtis
važinėjosi, važinėtis
važinėjomės, važinėtis
važinėjotės, važinėtis
važinėdavausi, važinėtis
važinėdavaisi, važinėtis
važinėdavosi, važinėtis
važinėdavomės, važinėtis
važinėdavotės, važinėtis
važinėsiusi, važinėtis
važinėsisi, važinėtis
važinėsis, važinėtis
važinėsimės, važinėtis
važinėsitės, važinėtis
važinėčiausi, važinėtis
važinėtumeisi, važinėtis
važinėtųsi, važinėtis
važinėtu(mė)mės, važinėtis
važinėtu(mė)tės, važinėtis
važiuotis, važiuotis
važiuojuosi, važiuotis
važiuojiesi, važiuotis
važiuojasi, važiuotis
važiuojamės, važiuotis
važiuojatės, važiuotis
važiuoks, važiuotis
važiuokitės, važiuotis
važiuokimės, važiuotis
važiavausi, važiuotis
važiavaisi, važiuotis
važiavosi, važiuotis
važiavomės, važiuotis
važiavotės, važiuotis
važiuodavausi, važiuotis
važiuodavaisi, važiuotis
važiuodavosi, važiuotis
važiuodavomės, važiuotis
važiuodavotės, važiuotis
važiuosiusi, važiuotis
važiuosisi, važiuotis
važiuosis, važiuotis
važiuosimės, važiuotis
važiuositės, važiuotis
važiuočiausi, važiuotis
važiuotumeisi, važiuotis
važiuotųsi, važiuotis
važiuotu(mė)mės, važiuotis
važiuotu(mė)tės, važiuotis
veblentis, veblentis
veblenuosi, veblentis
vebleniesi, veblentis
veblenasi, veblentis
veblenamės, veblentis
veblenatės, veblentis
veblenks, veblentis
veblenkitės, veblentis
veblenkimės, veblentis
veblenausi, veblentis
veblenaisi, veblentis
veblenosi, veblentis
veblenomės, veblentis
veblenotės, veblentis
veblendavausi, veblentis
veblendavaisi, veblentis
veblendavosi, veblentis
veblendavomės, veblentis
veblendavotės, veblentis
veblensiusi, veblentis
veblensisi, veblentis
veblensis, veblentis
veblensimės, veblentis
veblensitės, veblentis
veblenčiausi, veblentis
veblentumeisi, veblentis
veblentųsi, veblentis
veblentu(mė)mės, veblentis
veblentu(mė)tės, veblentis
vėdintis, vėdintis
vėdinuosi, vėdintis
vėdiniesi, vėdintis
vėdinasi, vėdintis
vėdinamės, vėdintis
vėdinatės, vėdintis
vėdinks, vėdintis
vėdinkitės, vėdintis
vėdinkimės, vėdintis
vėdinausi, vėdintis
vėdinaisi, vėdintis
vėdinosi, vėdintis
vėdinomės, vėdintis
vėdinotės, vėdintis
vėdindavausi, vėdintis
vėdindavaisi, vėdintis
vėdindavosi, vėdintis
vėdindavomės, vėdintis
vėdindavotės, vėdintis
vėdinsiusi, vėdintis
vėdinsisi, vėdintis
vėdinsis, vėdintis
vėdinsimės, vėdintis
vėdinsitės, vėdintis
vėdinčiausi, vėdintis
vėdintumeisi, vėdintis
vėdintųsi, vėdintis
vėdintu(mė)mės, vėdintis
vėdintu(mė)tės, vėdintis
vedžiotis, vedžiotis
vedžiojuosi, vedžiotis
vedžiojiesi, vedžiotis
vedžiojasi, vedžiotis
vedžiojamės, vedžiotis
vedžiojatės, vedžiotis
vedžioks, vedžiotis
vedžiokitės, vedžiotis
vedžiokimės, vedžiotis
vedžiojausi, vedžiotis
vedžiojaisi, vedžiotis
vedžiojosi, vedžiotis
vedžiojomės, vedžiotis
vedžiojotės, vedžiotis
vedžiodavausi, vedžiotis
vedžiodavaisi, vedžiotis
vedžiodavosi, vedžiotis
vedžiodavomės, vedžiotis
vedžiodavotės, vedžiotis
vedžiosiusi, vedžiotis
vedžiosisi, vedžiotis
vedžiosis, vedžiotis
vedžiosimės, vedžiotis
vedžiositės, vedžiotis
vedžiočiausi, vedžiotis
vedžiotumeisi, vedžiotis
vedžiotųsi, vedžiotis
vedžiotu(mė)mės, vedžiotis
vedžiotu(mė)tės, vedžiotis
veidmainiautis, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaujuosi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaujiesi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaujasi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaujamės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaujatės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiauks, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaukitės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaukimės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiavausi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiavaisi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiavosi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiavomės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiavotės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaudavausi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaudavaisi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaudavosi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaudavomės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaudavotės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiausiusi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiausisi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiausis, veidmainiautis
veidmainiausimės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiausitės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiaučiausi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiautumeisi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiautųsi, veidmainiautis
veidmainiautu(mė)mės, veidmainiautis
veidmainiautu(mė)tės, veidmainiautis
veiktis, veiktis
veikiuosi, veiktis
veikiesi, veiktis
veikiasi, veiktis
veikiamės, veiktis
veikiatės, veiktis
veiks, veiktis
veikitės, veiktis
veikimės, veiktis
veikiausi, veiktis
veikeisi, veiktis
veikėsi, veiktis
veikėmės, veiktis
veikėtės, veiktis
veikdavausi, veiktis
veikdavaisi, veiktis
veikdavosi, veiktis
veikdavomės, veiktis
veikdavotės, veiktis
veiksiusi, veiktis
veiksisi, veiktis
veiksis, veiktis
veiksimės, veiktis
veiksitės, veiktis
veikčiausi, veiktis
veiktumeisi, veiktis
veiktųsi, veiktis
veiktu(mė)mės, veiktis
veiktu(mė)tės, veiktis
veistis, veistis
veisiuosi, veistis
veisiesi, veistis
veisiasi, veistis
veisiamės, veistis
veisiatės, veistis
veisks, veistis
veiskitės, veistis
veiskimės, veistis
veiteisi, veistis
veitėsi, veistis
veitėmės, veistis
veitėtės, veistis
veisdavausi, veistis
veisdavaisi, veistis
veisdavosi, veistis
veisdavomės, veistis
veisdavotės, veistis
veisiusi, veistis
veisisi, veistis
veisis, veistis
veisimės, veistis
veisitės, veistis
veisčiausi, veistis
veistumeisi, veistis
veistųsi, veistis
veistu(mė)mės, veistis
veistu(mė)tės, veistis
veizėtis, veizėtis
veizėjuosi, veizėtis
veizėjiesi, veizėtis
veizėjasi, veizėtis
veizėjamės, veizėtis
veizėjatės, veizėtis
veizėks, veizėtis
veizėkitės, veizėtis
veizėkimės, veizėtis
veizėjausi, veizėtis
veizėjaisi, veizėtis
veizėjosi, veizėtis
veizėjomės, veizėtis
veizėjotės, veizėtis
veizėdavausi, veizėtis
veizėdavaisi, veizėtis
veizėdavosi, veizėtis
veizėdavomės, veizėtis
veizėdavotės, veizėtis
veizėsiusi, veizėtis
veizėsisi, veizėtis
veizėsis, veizėtis
veizėsimės, veizėtis
veizėsitės, veizėtis
veizėčiausi, veizėtis
veizėtumeisi, veizėtis
veizėtųsi, veizėtis
veizėtu(mė)mės, veizėtis
veizėtu(mė)tės, veizėtis
vėjuotis, vėjuotis
vėjuojuosi, vėjuotis
vėjuojiesi, vėjuotis
vėjuojasi, vėjuotis
vėjuojamės, vėjuotis
vėjuojatės, vėjuotis
vėjuoks, vėjuotis
vėjuokitės, vėjuotis
vėjuokimės, vėjuotis
vėjavausi, vėjuotis
vėjavaisi, vėjuotis
vėjavosi, vėjuotis
vėjavomės, vėjuotis
vėjavotės, vėjuotis
vėjuodavausi, vėjuotis
vėjuodavaisi, vėjuotis
vėjuodavosi, vėjuotis
vėjuodavomės, vėjuotis
vėjuodavotės, vėjuotis
vėjuosiusi, vėjuotis
vėjuosisi, vėjuotis
vėjuosis, vėjuotis
vėjuosimės, vėjuotis
vėjuositės, vėjuotis
vėjuočiausi, vėjuotis
vėjuotumeisi, vėjuotis
vėjuotųsi, vėjuotis
vėjuotu(mė)mės, vėjuotis
vėjuotu(mė)tės, vėjuotis
vėlintis, vėlintis
vėlinuosi, vėlintis
vėliniesi, vėlintis
vėlinasi, vėlintis
vėlinamės, vėlintis
vėlinatės, vėlintis
vėlinks, vėlintis
vėlinkitės, vėlintis
vėlinkimės, vėlintis
vėlinausi, vėlintis
vėlinaisi, vėlintis
vėlinosi, vėlintis
vėlinomės, vėlintis
vėlinotės, vėlintis
vėlindavausi, vėlintis
vėlindavaisi, vėlintis
vėlindavosi, vėlintis
vėlindavomės, vėlintis
vėlindavotės, vėlintis
vėlinsiusi, vėlintis
vėlinsisi, vėlintis
vėlinsis, vėlintis
vėlinsimės, vėlintis
vėlinsitės, vėlintis
vėlinčiausi, vėlintis
vėlintumeisi, vėlintis
vėlintųsi, vėlintis
vėlintu(mė)mės, vėlintis
vėlintu(mė)tės, vėlintis
veltis, veltis
veliuosi, veltis
veliesi, veltis
veliasi, veltis
veliamės, veltis
veliatės, veltis
velks, veltis
velkitės, veltis
velkimės, veltis
vėliausi, veltis
vėleisi, veltis
vėlėsi, veltis
vėlėmės, veltis
vėlėtės, veltis
veldavausi, veltis
veldavaisi, veltis
veldavosi, veltis
veldavomės, veltis
veldavotės, veltis
velsiusi, veltis
velsisi, veltis
velsis, veltis
velsimės, veltis
velsitės, veltis
velčiausi, veltis
veltumeisi, veltis
veltųsi, veltis
veltu(mė)mės, veltis
veltu(mė)tės, veltis
vėluotis, vėluotis
vėluojuosi, vėluotis
vėluojiesi, vėluotis
vėluojasi, vėluotis
vėluojamės, vėluotis
vėluojatės, vėluotis
vėluoks, vėluotis
vėluokitės, vėluotis
vėluokimės, vėluotis
vėlavausi, vėluotis
vėlavaisi, vėluotis
vėlavosi, vėluotis
vėlavomės, vėluotis
vėlavotės, vėluotis
vėluodavausi, vėluotis
vėluodavaisi, vėluotis
vėluodavosi, vėluotis
vėluodavomės, vėluotis
vėluodavotės, vėluotis
vėluosiusi, vėluotis
vėluosisi, vėluotis
vėluosis, vėluotis
vėluosimės, vėluotis
vėluositės, vėluotis
vėluočiausi, vėluotis
vėluotumeisi, vėluotis
vėluotųsi, vėluotis
vėluotu(mė)mės, vėluotis
vėluotu(mė)tės, vėluotis
vemtis, vemtis
vemiuosi, vemtis
vemiesi, vemtis
vemiasi, vemtis
vemiamės, vemtis
vemiatės, vemtis
vemks, vemtis
vemkitės, vemtis
vemkimės, vemtis
vėmiausi, vemtis
vėmeisi, vemtis
vėmėsi, vemtis
vėmėmės, vemtis
vėmėtės, vemtis
vemdavausi, vemtis
vemdavaisi, vemtis
vemdavosi, vemtis
vemdavomės, vemtis
vemdavotės, vemtis
vemsiusi, vemtis
vemsisi, vemtis
vemsis, vemtis
vemsimės, vemtis
vemsitės, vemtis
vemčiausi, vemtis
vemtumeisi, vemtis
vemtųsi, vemtis
vemtu(mė)mės, vemtis
vemtu(mė)tės, vemtis
vengtis, vengtis
vengiuosi, vengtis
vengiesi, vengtis
vengiasi, vengtis
vengiamės, vengtis
vengiatės, vengtis
venks, vengtis
venkitės, vengtis
venkimės, vengtis
vengiausi, vengtis
vengeisi, vengtis
vengėsi, vengtis
vengėmės, vengtis
vengėtės, vengtis
vengdavausi, vengtis
vengdavaisi, vengtis
vengdavosi, vengtis
vengdavomės, vengtis
vengdavotės, vengtis
vengsiusi, vengtis
vengsisi, vengtis
vengsis, vengtis
vengsimės, vengtis
vengsitės, vengtis
vengčiausi, vengtis
vengtumeisi, vengtis
vengtųsi, vengtis
vengtu(mė)mės, vengtis
vengtu(mė)tės, vengtis
vergautis, vergautis
vergaujuosi, vergautis
vergaujiesi, vergautis
vergaujasi, vergautis
vergaujamės, vergautis
vergaujatės, vergautis
vergauks, vergautis
vergaukitės, vergautis
vergaukimės, vergautis
vergavausi, vergautis
vergavaisi, vergautis
vergavosi, vergautis
vergavomės, vergautis
vergavotės, vergautis
vergaudavausi, vergautis
vergaudavaisi, vergautis
vergaudavosi, vergautis
vergaudavomės, vergautis
vergaudavotės, vergautis
vergausiusi, vergautis
vergausisi, vergautis
vergausis, vergautis
vergausimės, vergautis
vergausitės, vergautis
vergaučiausi, vergautis
vergautumeisi, vergautis
vergautųsi, vergautis
vergautu(mė)mės, vergautis
vergautu(mė)tės, vergautis
verkšlentis, verkšlentis
verkšlenuosi, verkšlentis
verkšleniesi, verkšlentis
verkšlenasi, verkšlentis
verkšlenamės, verkšlentis
verkšlenatės, verkšlentis
verkšlenks, verkšlentis
verkšlenkitės, verkšlentis
verkšlenkimės, verkšlentis
verkšlenausi, verkšlentis
verkšlenaisi, verkšlentis
verkšlenosi, verkšlentis
verkšlenomės, verkšlentis
verkšlenotės, verkšlentis
verkšlendavausi, verkšlentis
verkšlendavaisi, verkšlentis
verkšlendavosi, verkšlentis
verkšlendavomės, verkšlentis
verkšlendavotės, verkšlentis
verkšlensiusi, verkšlentis
verkšlensisi, verkšlentis
verkšlensis, verkšlentis
verkšlensimės, verkšlentis
verkšlensitės, verkšlentis
verkšlenčiausi, verkšlentis
verkšlentumeisi, verkšlentis
verkšlentųsi, verkšlentis
verkšlentu(mė)mės, verkšlentis
verkšlentu(mė)tės, verkšlentis
verktis, verktis
verkiuosi, verktis
verkiesi, verktis
verkiasi, verktis
verkiamės, verktis
verkiatės, verktis
verks, verktis
verkitės, verktis
verkimės, verktis
verkiausi, verktis
verkeisi, verktis
verkėsi, verktis
verkėmės, verktis
verkėtės, verktis
verkdavausi, verktis
verkdavaisi, verktis
verkdavosi, verktis
verkdavomės, verktis
verkdavotės, verktis
verksiusi, verktis
verksisi, verktis
verksis, verktis
verksimės, verktis
verksitės, verktis
verkčiausi, verktis
verktumeisi, verktis
verktųsi, verktis
verktu(mė)mės, verktis
verktu(mė)tės, verktis
verptis, verptis
verpiuosi, verptis
verpiesi, verptis
verpiasi, verptis
verpiamės, verptis
verpiatės, verptis
verpks, verptis
verpkitės, verptis
verpkimės, verptis
verpiausi, verptis
verpeisi, verptis
verpėsi, verptis
verpėmės, verptis
verpėtės, verptis
verpdavausi, verptis
verpdavaisi, verptis
verpdavosi, verptis
verpdavomės, verptis
verpdavotės, verptis
verpsiusi, verptis
verpsisi, verptis
verpsis, verptis
verpsimės, verptis
verpsitės, verptis
verpčiausi, verptis
verptumeisi, verptis
verptųsi, verptis
verptu(mė)mės, verptis
verptu(mė)tės, verptis
verstis, verstis
verčiuosi, verstis
verčiesi, verstis
verčiasi, verstis
verčiamės, verstis
verčiatės, verstis
versks, verstis
verskitės, verstis
verskimės, verstis
verteisi, verstis
vertėsi, verstis
vertėmės, verstis
vertėtės, verstis
versdavausi, verstis
versdavaisi, verstis
versdavosi, verstis
versdavomės, verstis
versdavotės, verstis
versiusi, verstis
versisi, verstis
versis, verstis
versimės, verstis
versitės, verstis
versčiausi, verstis
verstumeisi, verstis
verstųsi, verstis
verstu(mė)mės, verstis
verstu(mė)tės, verstis
vertėjautis, vertėjautis
vertėjaujuosi, vertėjautis
vertėjaujiesi, vertėjautis
vertėjaujasi, vertėjautis
vertėjaujamės, vertėjautis
vertėjaujatės, vertėjautis
vertėjauks, vertėjautis
vertėjaukitės, vertėjautis
vertėjaukimės, vertėjautis
vertėjavausi, vertėjautis
vertėjavaisi, vertėjautis
vertėjavosi, vertėjautis
vertėjavomės, vertėjautis
vertėjavotės, vertėjautis
vertėjaudavausi, vertėjautis
vertėjaudavaisi, vertėjautis
vertėjaudavosi, vertėjautis
vertėjaudavomės, vertėjautis
vertėjaudavotės, vertėjautis
vertėjausiusi, vertėjautis
vertėjausisi, vertėjautis
vertėjausis, vertėjautis
vertėjausimės, vertėjautis
vertėjausitės, vertėjautis
vertėjaučiausi, vertėjautis
vertėjautumeisi, vertėjautis
vertėjautųsi, vertėjautis
vertėjautu(mė)mės, vertėjautis
vertėjautu(mė)tės, vertėjautis
vertėtis, vertėtis
vertėjuosi, vertėtis
vertėjiesi, vertėtis
vertėjasi, vertėtis
vertėjamės, vertėtis
vertėjatės, vertėtis
vertėks, vertėtis
vertėkitės, vertėtis
vertėkimės, vertėtis
vertėjausi, vertėtis
vertėjaisi, vertėtis
vertėjosi, vertėtis
vertėjomės, vertėtis
vertėjotės, vertėtis
vertėdavausi, vertėtis
vertėdavaisi, vertėtis
vertėdavosi, vertėtis
vertėdavomės, vertėtis
vertėdavotės, vertėtis
vertėsiusi, vertėtis
vertėsisi, vertėtis
vertėsis, vertėtis
vertėsimės, vertėtis
vertėsitės, vertėtis
vertėčiausi, vertėtis
vertėtumeisi, vertėtis
vertėtųsi, vertėtis
vertėtu(mė)mės, vertėtis
vertėtu(mė)tės, vertėtis
vertis, vertis
veriuosi, vertis
veriesi, vertis
veriasi, vertis
veriamės, vertis
veriatės, vertis
verks, vertis
verkitės, vertis
verkimės, vertis
vėriausi, vertis
vėreisi, vertis
vėrėsi, vertis
vėrėmės, vertis
vėrėtės, vertis
verdavausi, vertis
verdavaisi, vertis
verdavosi, vertis
verdavomės, vertis
verdavotės, vertis
versiusi, vertis
versisi, vertis
versis, vertis
versimės, vertis
versitės, vertis
verčiausi, vertis
vertumeisi, vertis
vertųsi, vertis
vertu(mė)mės, vertis
vertu(mė)tės, vertis
vertintis, vertintis
vertinuosi, vertintis
vertiniesi, vertintis
vertinasi, vertintis
vertinamės, vertintis
vertinatės, vertintis
vertinks, vertintis
vertinkitės, vertintis
vertinkimės, vertintis
vertinausi, vertintis
vertinaisi, vertintis
vertinosi, vertintis
vertinomės, vertintis
vertinotės, vertintis
vertindavausi, vertintis
vertindavaisi, vertintis
vertindavosi, vertintis
vertindavomės, vertintis
vertindavotės, vertintis
vertinsiusi, vertintis
vertinsisi, vertintis
vertinsis, vertintis
vertinsimės, vertintis
vertinsitės, vertintis
vertinčiausi, vertintis
vertintumeisi, vertintis
vertintųsi, vertintis
vertintu(mė)mės, vertintis
vertintu(mė)tės, vertintis
vešėtis, vešėtis
vešiusi, vešėtis
vešisi, vešėtis
vešisi, vešėtis
vešimės, vešėtis
vešitės, vešėtis
vešėks, vešėtis
vešėkitės, vešėtis
vešėkimės, vešėtis
vešėjausi, vešėtis
vešėjaisi, vešėtis
vešėjosi, vešėtis
vešėjomės, vešėtis
vešėjotės, vešėtis
vešėdavausi, vešėtis
vešėdavaisi, vešėtis
vešėdavosi, vešėtis
vešėdavomės, vešėtis
vešėdavotės, vešėtis
vešėsiusi, vešėtis
vešėsisi, vešėtis
vešėsis, vešėtis
vešėsimės, vešėtis
vešėsitės, vešėtis
vešėčiausi, vešėtis
vešėtumeisi, vešėtis
vešėtųsi, vešėtis
vešėtu(mė)mės, vešėtis
vešėtu(mė)tės, vešėtis
vestis, vestis
vedžuosi, vestis
vediesi, vestis
vedasi, vestis
vedamės, vestis
vedatės, vestis
vesks, vestis
veskitės, vestis
veskimės, vestis
vedeisi, vestis
vedėsi, vestis
vedėmės, vestis
vedėtės, vestis
vesdavausi, vestis
vesdavaisi, vestis
vesdavosi, vestis
vesdavomės, vestis
vesdavotės, vestis
vesiusi, vestis
vesisi, vestis
vesis, vestis
vesimės, vestis
vesitės, vestis
vesčiausi, vestis
vestumeisi, vestis
vestųsi, vestis
vestu(mė)mės, vestis
vestu(mė)tės, vestis
vėstis, vėstis
vėstuosi, vėstis
vėstiesi, vėstis
vėstasi, vėstis
vėstamės, vėstis
vėstatės, vėstis
vėsks, vėstis
vėskitės, vėstis
vėskimės, vėstis
vėsausi, vėstis
vėsaisi, vėstis
vėsosi, vėstis
vėsomės, vėstis
vėsotės, vėstis
vėsdavausi, vėstis
vėsdavaisi, vėstis
vėsdavosi, vėstis
vėsdavomės, vėstis
vėsdavotės, vėstis
vėsiusi, vėstis
vėsisi, vėstis
vėsis, vėstis
vėsimės, vėstis
vėsitės, vėstis
vėsčiausi, vėstis
vėstumeisi, vėstis
vėstųsi, vėstis
vėstu(mė)mės, vėstis
vėstu(mė)tės, vėstis
vežiotis, vežiotis
vežiojuosi, vežiotis
vežiojiesi, vežiotis
vežiojasi, vežiotis
vežiojamės, vežiotis
vežiojatės, vežiotis
vežioks, vežiotis
vežiokitės, vežiotis
vežiokimės, vežiotis
vežiojausi, vežiotis
vežiojaisi, vežiotis
vežiojosi, vežiotis
vežiojomės, vežiotis
vežiojotės, vežiotis
vežiodavausi, vežiotis
vežiodavaisi, vežiotis
vežiodavosi, vežiotis
vežiodavomės, vežiotis
vežiodavotės, vežiotis
vežiosiusi, vežiotis
vežiosisi, vežiotis
vežiosis, vežiotis
vežiosimės, vežiotis
vežiositės, vežiotis
vežiočiausi, vežiotis
vežiotumeisi, vežiotis
vežiotųsi, vežiotis
vežiotu(mė)mės, vežiotis
vežiotu(mė)tės, vežiotis
vežtis, vežtis
vežuosi, vežtis
vežiesi, vežtis
vežasi, vežtis
vežamės, vežtis
vežatės, vežtis
vežks, vežtis
vežkitės, vežtis
vežkimės, vežtis
vežiausi, vežtis
vežeisi, vežtis
vežėsi, vežtis
vežėmės, vežtis
vežėtės, vežtis
veždavausi, vežtis
veždavaisi, vežtis
veždavosi, vežtis
veždavomės, vežtis
veždavotės, vežtis
vežšiusi, vežtis
vežšisi, vežtis
vežšis, vežtis
vežšimės, vežtis
vežšitės, vežtis
vežčiausi, vežtis
vežtumeisi, vežtis
vežtųsi, vežtis
vežtu(mė)mės, vežtis
vežtu(mė)tės, vežtis
viduriuotis, viduriuotis
viduriuojuosi, viduriuotis
viduriuojiesi, viduriuotis
viduriuojasi, viduriuotis
viduriuojamės, viduriuotis
viduriuojatės, viduriuotis
viduriuoks, viduriuotis
viduriuokitės, viduriuotis
viduriuokimės, viduriuotis
viduriavausi, viduriuotis
viduriavaisi, viduriuotis
viduriavosi, viduriuotis
viduriavomės, viduriuotis
viduriavotės, viduriuotis
viduriuodavausi, viduriuotis
viduriuodavaisi, viduriuotis
viduriuodavosi, viduriuotis
viduriuodavomės, viduriuotis
viduriuodavotės, viduriuotis
viduriuosiusi, viduriuotis
viduriuosisi, viduriuotis
viduriuosis, viduriuotis
viduriuosimės, viduriuotis
viduriuositės, viduriuotis
viduriuočiausi, viduriuotis
viduriuotumeisi, viduriuotis
viduriuotųsi, viduriuotis
viduriuotu(mė)mės, viduriuotis
viduriuotu(mė)tės, viduriuotis
vienodintis, vienodintis
vienodinuosi, vienodintis
vienodiniesi, vienodintis
vienodinasi, vienodintis
vienodinamės, vienodintis
vienodinatės, vienodintis
vienodinks, vienodintis
vienodinkitės, vienodintis
vienodinkimės, vienodintis
vienodinausi, vienodintis
vienodinaisi, vienodintis
vienodinosi, vienodintis
vienodinomės, vienodintis
vienodinotės, vienodintis
vienodindavausi, vienodintis
vienodindavaisi, vienodintis
vienodindavosi, vienodintis
vienodindavomės, vienodintis
vienodindavotės, vienodintis
vienodinsiusi, vienodintis
vienodinsisi, vienodintis
vienodinsis, vienodintis
vienodinsimės, vienodintis
vienodinsitės, vienodintis
vienodinčiausi, vienodintis
vienodintumeisi, vienodintis
vienodintųsi, vienodintis
vienodintu(mė)mės, vienodintis
vienodintu(mė)tės, vienodintis
vienytis, vienytis
vienijuosi, vienytis
vienijiesi, vienytis
vienijasi, vienytis
vienijamės, vienytis
vienijatės, vienytis
vienyks, vienytis
vienykitės, vienytis
vienykimės, vienytis
vienijausi, vienytis
vienijaisi, vienytis
vienijosi, vienytis
vienijomės, vienytis
vienijotės, vienytis
vienydavausi, vienytis
vienydavaisi, vienytis
vienydavosi, vienytis
vienydavomės, vienytis
vienydavotės, vienytis
vienysiusi, vienytis
vienysisi, vienytis
vienisis, vienytis
vienysimės, vienytis
vienysitės, vienytis
vienyčiausi, vienytis
vienytumeisi, vienytis
vienytųsi, vienytis
vienytu(mė)mės, vienytis
vienytu(mė)tės, vienytis
viešetis, viešetis
viešiusi, viešetis
viešisi, viešetis
viešisi, viešetis
viešimės, viešetis
viešitės, viešetis
viešeks, viešetis
viešekitės, viešetis
viešekimės, viešetis
viešėjausi, viešetis
viešėjaisi, viešetis
viešėjosi, viešetis
viešėjomės, viešetis
viešėjotės, viešetis
viešedavausi, viešetis
viešedavaisi, viešetis
viešedavosi, viešetis
viešedavomės, viešetis
viešedavotės, viešetis
viešesiusi, viešetis
viešesisi, viešetis
viešesis, viešetis
viešesimės, viešetis
viešesitės, viešetis
viešečiausi, viešetis
viešetumeisi, viešetis
viešetųsi, viešetis
viešetu(mė)mės, viešetis
viešetu(mė)tės, viešetis
viešėtis, viešėtis
viešiusi, viešėtis
viešisi, viešėtis
viešisi, viešėtis
viešimės, viešėtis
viešitės, viešėtis
viešėks, viešėtis
viešėkitės, viešėtis
viešėkimės, viešėtis
viešėjausi, viešėtis
viešėjaisi, viešėtis
viešėjosi, viešėtis
viešėjomės, viešėtis
viešėjotės, viešėtis
viešėdavausi, viešėtis
viešėdavaisi, viešėtis
viešėdavosi, viešėtis
viešėdavomės, viešėtis
viešėdavotės, viešėtis
viešėsiusi, viešėtis
viešėsisi, viešėtis
viešėsis, viešėtis
viešėsimės, viešėtis
viešėsitės, viešėtis
viešėčiausi, viešėtis
viešėtumeisi, viešėtis
viešėtųsi, viešėtis
viešėtu(mė)mės, viešėtis
viešėtu(mė)tės, viešėtis
viešintis, viešintis
viešinuosi, viešintis
viešiniesi, viešintis
viešinasi, viešintis
viešinamės, viešintis
viešinatės, viešintis
viešinks, viešintis
viešinkitės, viešintis
viešinkimės, viešintis
viešinausi, viešintis
viešinaisi, viešintis
viešinosi, viešintis
viešinomės, viešintis
viešinotės, viešintis
viešindavausi, viešintis
viešindavaisi, viešintis
viešindavosi, viešintis
viešindavomės, viešintis
viešindavotės, viešintis
viešinsiusi, viešintis
viešinsisi, viešintis
viešinsis, viešintis
viešinsimės, viešintis
viešinsitės, viešintis
viešinčiausi, viešintis
viešintumeisi, viešintis
viešintųsi, viešintis
viešintu(mė)mės, viešintis
viešintu(mė)tės, viešintis
viešpatautis, viešpatautis
viešpataujuosi, viešpatautis
viešpataujiesi, viešpatautis
viešpataujasi, viešpatautis
viešpataujamės, viešpatautis
viešpataujatės, viešpatautis
viešpatauks, viešpatautis
viešpataukitės, viešpatautis
viešpataukimės, viešpatautis
viešpatavausi, viešpatautis
viešpatavaisi, viešpatautis
viešpatavosi, viešpatautis
viešpatavomės, viešpatautis
viešpatavotės, viešpatautis
viešpataudavausi, viešpatautis
viešpataudavaisi, viešpatautis
viešpataudavosi, viešpatautis
viešpataudavomės, viešpatautis
viešpataudavotės, viešpatautis
viešpatausiusi, viešpatautis
viešpatausisi, viešpatautis
viešpatausis, viešpatautis
viešpatausimės, viešpatautis
viešpatausitės, viešpatautis
viešpataučiausi, viešpatautis
viešpatautumeisi, viešpatautis
viešpatautųsi, viešpatautis
viešpatautu(mė)mės, viešpatautis
viešpatautu(mė)tės, viešpatautis
viliotis, viliotis
viliojuosi, viliotis
viliojiesi, viliotis
viliojasi, viliotis
viliojamės, viliotis
viliojatės, viliotis
vilioks, viliotis
viliokitės, viliotis
viliokimės, viliotis
viliojausi, viliotis
viliojaisi, viliotis
viliojosi, viliotis
viliojomės, viliotis
viliojotės, viliotis
viliodavausi, viliotis
viliodavaisi, viliotis
viliodavosi, viliotis
viliodavomės, viliotis
viliodavotės, viliotis
viliosiusi, viliotis
viliosisi, viliotis
viliosis, viliotis
viliosimės, viliotis
viliositės, viliotis
viliočiausi, viliotis
viliotumeisi, viliotis
viliotųsi, viliotis
viliotu(mė)mės, viliotis
viliotu(mė)tės, viliotis
vilkėtis, vilkėtis
vilkiusi, vilkėtis
vilkisi, vilkėtis
vilkisi, vilkėtis
vilkimės, vilkėtis
vilkitės, vilkėtis
vilkėks, vilkėtis
vilkėkitės, vilkėtis
vilkėkimės, vilkėtis
vilkėjausi, vilkėtis
vilkėjaisi, vilkėtis
vilkėjosi, vilkėtis
vilkėjomės, vilkėtis
vilkėjotės, vilkėtis
vilkėdavausi, vilkėtis
vilkėdavaisi, vilkėtis
vilkėdavosi, vilkėtis
vilkėdavomės, vilkėtis
vilkėdavotės, vilkėtis
vilkėsiusi, vilkėtis
vilkėsisi, vilkėtis
vilkėsis, vilkėtis
vilkėsimės, vilkėtis
vilkėsitės, vilkėtis
vilkėčiausi, vilkėtis
vilkėtumeisi, vilkėtis
vilkėtųsi, vilkėtis
vilkėtu(mė)mės, vilkėtis
vilkėtu(mė)tės, vilkėtis
vilkintis, vilkintis
vilkinuosi, vilkintis
vilkiniesi, vilkintis
vilkinasi, vilkintis
vilkinamės, vilkintis
vilkinatės, vilkintis
vilkinks, vilkintis
vilkinkitės, vilkintis
vilkinkimės, vilkintis
vilkinausi, vilkintis
vilkinaisi, vilkintis
vilkinosi, vilkintis
vilkinomės, vilkintis
vilkinotės, vilkintis
vilkindavausi, vilkintis
vilkindavaisi, vilkintis
vilkindavosi, vilkintis
vilkindavomės, vilkintis
vilkindavotės, vilkintis
vilkinsiusi, vilkintis
vilkinsisi, vilkintis
vilkinsis, vilkintis
vilkinsimės, vilkintis
vilkinsitės, vilkintis
vilkinčiausi, vilkintis
vilkintumeisi, vilkintis
vilkintųsi, vilkintis
vilkintu(mė)mės, vilkintis
vilkintu(mė)tės, vilkintis
vilktis, vilktis
velkuosi, vilktis
velkiesi, vilktis
velkasi, vilktis
velkamės, vilktis
velkatės, vilktis
vilks, vilktis
vilkitės, vilktis
vilkimės, vilktis
vilkausi, vilktis
vilkaisi, vilktis
vilkosi, vilktis
vilkomės, vilktis
vilkotės, vilktis
vilkdavausi, vilktis
vilkdavaisi, vilktis
vilkdavosi, vilktis
vilkdavomės, vilktis
vilkdavotės, vilktis
vilksiusi, vilktis
vilksisi, vilktis
vilksis, vilktis
vilksimės, vilktis
vilksitės, vilktis
vilkčiausi, vilktis
vilktumeisi, vilktis
vilktųsi, vilktis
vilktu(mė)mės, vilktis
vilktu(mė)tės, vilktis
vilnytis, vilnytis
vilnijuosi, vilnytis
vilnijiesi, vilnytis
vilnijasi, vilnytis
vilnijamės, vilnytis
vilnijatės, vilnytis
vilnyks, vilnytis
vilnykitės, vilnytis
vilnykimės, vilnytis
vilnijausi, vilnytis
vilnijaisi, vilnytis
vilnijosi, vilnytis
vilnijomės, vilnytis
vilnijotės, vilnytis
vilnydavausi, vilnytis
vilnydavaisi, vilnytis
vilnydavosi, vilnytis
vilnydavomės, vilnytis
vilnydavotės, vilnytis
vilnysiusi, vilnytis
vilnysisi, vilnytis
vilnisis, vilnytis
vilnysimės, vilnytis
vilnysitės, vilnytis
vilnyčiausi, vilnytis
vilnytumeisi, vilnytis
vilnytųsi, vilnytis
vilnytu(mė)mės, vilnytis
vilnytu(mė)tės, vilnytis
viltis, viltis
viliuosi, viltis
viliesi, viltis
viliasi, viltis
viliamės, viltis
viliatės, viltis
vilks, viltis
vilkitės, viltis
vilkimės, viltis
vyliausi, viltis
vyleisi, viltis
vylėsi, viltis
vylėmės, viltis
vylėtės, viltis
vildavausi, viltis
vildavaisi, viltis
vildavosi, viltis
vildavomės, viltis
vildavotės, viltis
vilsiusi, viltis
vilsisi, viltis
vilsis, viltis
vilsimės, viltis
vilsitės, viltis
vilčiausi, viltis
viltumeisi, viltis
viltųsi, viltis
viltu(mė)mės, viltis
viltu(mė)tės, viltis
vingiuotis, vingiuotis
vingiuojuosi, vingiuotis
vingiuojiesi, vingiuotis
vingiuojasi, vingiuotis
vingiuojamės, vingiuotis
vingiuojatės, vingiuotis
vingiuoks, vingiuotis
vingiuokitės, vingiuotis
vingiuokimės, vingiuotis
vingiavausi, vingiuotis
vingiavaisi, vingiuotis
vingiavosi, vingiuotis
vingiavomės, vingiuotis
vingiavotės, vingiuotis
vingiuodavausi, vingiuotis
vingiuodavaisi, vingiuotis
vingiuodavosi, vingiuotis
vingiuodavomės, vingiuotis
vingiuodavotės, vingiuotis
vingiuosiusi, vingiuotis
vingiuosisi, vingiuotis
vingiuosis, vingiuotis
vingiuosimės, vingiuotis
vingiuositės, vingiuotis
vingiuočiausi, vingiuotis
vingiuotumeisi, vingiuotis
vingiuotųsi, vingiuotis
vingiuotu(mė)mės, vingiuotis
vingiuotu(mė)tės, vingiuotis
virbtis, virbtis
virbstuosi, virbtis
virbstiesi, virbtis
virbstasi, virbtis
virbstamės, virbtis
virbstatės, virbtis
virbks, virbtis
virbkitės, virbtis
virbkimės, virbtis
virbausi, virbtis
virbaisi, virbtis
virbosi, virbtis
virbomės, virbtis
virbotės, virbtis
virbdavausi, virbtis
virbdavaisi, virbtis
virbdavosi, virbtis
virbdavomės, virbtis
virbdavotės, virbtis
virbsiusi, virbtis
virbsisi, virbtis
virbsis, virbtis
virbsimės, virbtis
virbsitės, virbtis
virbčiausi, virbtis
virbtumeisi, virbtis
virbtųsi, virbtis
virbtu(mė)mės, virbtis
virbtu(mė)tės, virbtis
virintis, virintis
virinuosi, virintis
viriniesi, virintis
virinasi, virintis
virinamės, virintis
virinatės, virintis
virinks, virintis
virinkitės, virintis
virinkimės, virintis
virinausi, virintis
virinaisi, virintis
virinosi, virintis
virinomės, virintis
virinotės, virintis
virindavausi, virintis
virindavaisi, virintis
virindavosi, virintis
virindavomės, virintis
virindavotės, virintis
virinsiusi, virintis
virinsisi, virintis
virinsis, virintis
virinsimės, virintis
virinsitės, virintis
virinčiausi, virintis
virintumeisi, virintis
virintųsi, virintis
virintu(mė)mės, virintis
virintu(mė)tės, virintis
virkdytis, virkdytis
virkdžausi, virkdytis
virkdaisi, virkdytis
virkdosi, virkdytis
virkdomės, virkdytis
virkdotės, virkdytis
virkdyks, virkdytis
virkdykitės, virkdytis
virkdykimės, virkdytis
virkdeisi, virkdytis
virkdėsi, virkdytis
virkdėmės, virkdytis
virkdėtės, virkdytis
virkdydavausi, virkdytis
virkdydavaisi, virkdytis
virkdydavosi, virkdytis
virkdydavomės, virkdytis
virkdydavotės, virkdytis
virkdysiusi, virkdytis
virkdysisi, virkdytis
virkdysis, virkdytis
virkdysimės, virkdytis
virkdysitės, virkdytis
virkdyčiausi, virkdytis
virkdytumeisi, virkdytis
virkdytųsi, virkdytis
virkdytu(mė)mės, virkdytis
virkdytu(mė)tės, virkdytis
virpėtis, virpėtis
virpuosi, virpėtis
virpiesi, virpėtis
virpasi, virpėtis
virpamės, virpėtis
virpatės, virpėtis
virpėks, virpėtis
virpėkitės, virpėtis
virpėkimės, virpėtis
virpėjausi, virpėtis
virpėjaisi, virpėtis
virpėjosi, virpėtis
virpėjomės, virpėtis
virpėjotės, virpėtis
virpėdavausi, virpėtis
virpėdavaisi, virpėtis
virpėdavosi, virpėtis
virpėdavomės, virpėtis
virpėdavotės, virpėtis
virpėsiusi, virpėtis
virpėsisi, virpėtis
virpėsis, virpėtis
virpėsimės, virpėtis
virpėsitės, virpėtis
virpėčiausi, virpėtis
virpėtumeisi, virpėtis
virpėtųsi, virpėtis
virpėtu(mė)mės, virpėtis
virpėtu(mė)tės, virpėtis
virškintis, virškintis
virškinuosi, virškintis
virškiniesi, virškintis
virškinasi, virškintis
virškinamės, virškintis
virškinatės, virškintis
virškinks, virškintis
virškinkitės, virškintis
virškinkimės, virškintis
virškinausi, virškintis
virškinaisi, virškintis
virškinosi, virškintis
virškinomės, virškintis
virškinotės, virškintis
virškindavausi, virškintis
virškindavaisi, virškintis
virškindavosi, virškintis
virškindavomės, virškintis
virškindavotės, virškintis
virškinsiusi, virškintis
virškinsisi, virškintis
virškinsis, virškintis
virškinsimės, virškintis
virškinsitės, virškintis
virškinčiausi, virškintis
virškintumeisi, virškintis
virškintųsi, virškintis
virškintu(mė)mės, virškintis
virškintu(mė)tės, virškintis
virstis, virstis
virstuosi, virstis
virstiesi, virstis
virstasi, virstis
virstamės, virstis
virstatės, virstis
virsks, virstis
virskitės, virstis
virskimės, virstis
virtausi, virstis
virtaisi, virstis
virtosi, virstis
virtomės, virstis
virtotės, virstis
virsdavausi, virstis
virsdavaisi, virstis
virsdavosi, virstis
virsdavomės, virstis
virsdavotės, virstis
virsiusi, virstis
virsisi, virstis
virsis, virstis
virsimės, virstis
virsitės, virstis
virsčiausi, virstis
virstumeisi, virstis
virstųsi, virstis
virstu(mė)mės, virstis
virstu(mė)tės, virstis
viršytis, viršytis
viršijuosi, viršytis
viršijiesi, viršytis
viršijasi, viršytis
viršijamės, viršytis
viršijatės, viršytis
viršyks, viršytis
viršykitės, viršytis
viršykimės, viršytis
viršijausi, viršytis
viršijaisi, viršytis
viršijosi, viršytis
viršijomės, viršytis
viršijotės, viršytis
viršydavausi, viršytis
viršydavaisi, viršytis
viršydavosi, viršytis
viršydavomės, viršytis
viršydavotės, viršytis
viršysiusi, viršytis
viršysisi, viršytis
viršisis, viršytis
viršysimės, viršytis
viršysitės, viršytis
viršyčiausi, viršytis
viršytumeisi, viršytis
viršytųsi, viršytis
viršytu(mė)mės, viršytis
viršytu(mė)tės, viršytis
virtis, virtis
verdžuosi, virtis
verdiesi, virtis
verdasi, virtis
verdamės, virtis
verdatės, virtis
virks, virtis
virkitės, virtis
virkimės, virtis
viriausi, virtis
vireisi, virtis
virėsi, virtis
virėmės, virtis
virėtės, virtis
virdavausi, virtis
virdavaisi, virtis
virdavosi, virtis
virdavomės, virtis
virdavotės, virtis
virsiusi, virtis
virsisi, virtis
virsis, virtis
virsimės, virtis
virsitės, virtis
virčiausi, virtis
virtumeisi, virtis
virtųsi, virtis
virtu(mė)mės, virtis
virtu(mė)tės, virtis
vistis, vistis
vystuosi, vistis
vystiesi, vistis
vystasi, vistis
vystamės, vistis
vystatės, vistis
visks, vistis
viskitės, vistis
viskimės, vistis
visausi, vistis
visaisi, vistis
visosi, vistis
visomės, vistis
visotės, vistis
visdavausi, vistis
visdavaisi, vistis
visdavosi, vistis
visdavomės, vistis
visdavotės, vistis
visiusi, vistis
visisi, vistis
visis, vistis
visimės, vistis
visitės, vistis
visčiausi, vistis
vistumeisi, vistis
vistųsi, vistis
vistu(mė)mės, vistis
vistu(mė)tės, vistis
vizgėtis, vizgėtis
vizguosi, vizgėtis
vizgiesi, vizgėtis
vizgasi, vizgėtis
vizgamės, vizgėtis
vizgatės, vizgėtis
vizgėks, vizgėtis
vizgėkitės, vizgėtis
vizgėkimės, vizgėtis
vizgėjausi, vizgėtis
vizgėjaisi, vizgėtis
vizgėjosi, vizgėtis
vizgėjomės, vizgėtis
vizgėjotės, vizgėtis
vizgėdavausi, vizgėtis
vizgėdavaisi, vizgėtis
vizgėdavosi, vizgėtis
vizgėdavomės, vizgėtis
vizgėdavotės, vizgėtis
vizgėsiusi, vizgėtis
vizgėsisi, vizgėtis
vizgėsis, vizgėtis
vizgėsimės, vizgėtis
vizgėsitės, vizgėtis
vizgėčiausi, vizgėtis
vizgėtumeisi, vizgėtis
vizgėtųsi, vizgėtis
vizgėtu(mė)mės, vizgėtis
vizgėtu(mė)tės, vizgėtis
vizgintis, vizgintis
vizginuosi, vizgintis
vizginiesi, vizgintis
vizginasi, vizgintis
vizginamės, vizgintis
vizginatės, vizgintis
vizginks, vizgintis
vizginkitės, vizgintis
vizginkimės, vizgintis
vizginausi, vizgintis
vizginaisi, vizgintis
vizginosi, vizgintis
vizginomės, vizgintis
vizginotės, vizgintis
vizgindavausi, vizgintis
vizgindavaisi, vizgintis
vizgindavosi, vizgintis
vizgindavomės, vizgintis
vizgindavotės, vizgintis
vizginsiusi, vizgintis
vizginsisi, vizgintis
vizginsis, vizgintis
vizginsimės, vizgintis
vizginsitės, vizgintis
vizginčiausi, vizgintis
vizgintumeisi, vizgintis
vizgintųsi, vizgintis
vizgintu(mė)mės, vizgintis
vizgintu(mė)tės, vizgintis
vogtis, vogtis
vagiuosi, vogtis
vagiesi, vogtis
vagiasi, vogtis
vagiamės, vogtis
vagiatės, vogtis
voks, vogtis
vokitės, vogtis
vokimės, vogtis
vogiausi, vogtis
vogeisi, vogtis
vogėsi, vogtis
vogėmės, vogtis
vogėtės, vogtis
vogdavausi, vogtis
vogdavaisi, vogtis
vogdavosi, vogtis
vogdavomės, vogtis
vogdavotės, vogtis
vogsiusi, vogtis
vogsisi, vogtis
vogsis, vogtis
vogsimės, vogtis
vogsitės, vogtis
vogčiausi, vogtis
vogtumeisi, vogtis
vogtųsi, vogtis
vogtu(mė)mės, vogtis
vogtu(mė)tės, vogtis
vožtis, vožtis
vožiuosi, vožtis
vožiesi, vožtis
vožiasi, vožtis
vožiamės, vožtis
vožiatės, vožtis
vožks, vožtis
vožkitės, vožtis
vožkimės, vožtis
vožiausi, vožtis
vožeisi, vožtis
vožėsi, vožtis
vožėmės, vožtis
vožėtės, vožtis
voždavausi, vožtis
voždavaisi, vožtis
voždavosi, vožtis
voždavomės, vožtis
voždavotės, vožtis
vožšiusi, vožtis
vožšisi, vožtis
vožšis, vožtis
vožšimės, vožtis
vožšitės, vožtis
vožčiausi, vožtis
vožtumeisi, vožtis
vožtųsi, vožtis
vožtu(mė)mės, vožtis
vožtu(mė)tės, vožtis
vykdytis, vykdytis
vykdžausi, vykdytis
vykdaisi, vykdytis
vykdosi, vykdytis
vykdomės, vykdytis
vykdotės, vykdytis
vykdyks, vykdytis
vykdykitės, vykdytis
vykdykimės, vykdytis
vykdeisi, vykdytis
vykdėsi, vykdytis
vykdėmės, vykdytis
vykdėtės, vykdytis
vykdydavausi, vykdytis
vykdydavaisi, vykdytis
vykdydavosi, vykdytis
vykdydavomės, vykdytis
vykdydavotės, vykdytis
vykdysiusi, vykdytis
vykdysisi, vykdytis
vykdysis, vykdytis
vykdysimės, vykdytis
vykdysitės, vykdytis
vykdyčiausi, vykdytis
vykdytumeisi, vykdytis
vykdytųsi, vykdytis
vykdytu(mė)mės, vykdytis
vykdytu(mė)tės, vykdytis
vyktis, vyktis
vykstuosi, vyktis
vykstiesi, vyktis
vykstasi, vyktis
vykstamės, vyktis
vykstatės, vyktis
vyks, vyktis
vykitės, vyktis
vykimės, vyktis
vykausi, vyktis
vykaisi, vyktis
vykosi, vyktis
vykomės, vyktis
vykotės, vyktis
vykdavausi, vyktis
vykdavaisi, vyktis
vykdavosi, vyktis
vykdavomės, vyktis
vykdavotės, vyktis
vyksiusi, vyktis
vyksisi, vyktis
vyksis, vyktis
vyksimės, vyktis
vyksitės, vyktis
vykčiausi, vyktis
vyktumeisi, vyktis
vyktųsi, vyktis
vyktu(mė)mės, vyktis
vyktu(mė)tės, vyktis
vyniotis, vyniotis
vyniojuosi, vyniotis
vyniojiesi, vyniotis
vyniojasi, vyniotis
vyniojamės, vyniotis
vyniojatės, vyniotis
vynioks, vyniotis
vyniokitės, vyniotis
vyniokimės, vyniotis
vyniojausi, vyniotis
vyniojaisi, vyniotis
vyniojosi, vyniotis
vyniojomės, vyniotis
vyniojotės, vyniotis
vyniodavausi, vyniotis
vyniodavaisi, vyniotis
vyniodavosi, vyniotis
vyniodavomės, vyniotis
vyniodavotės, vyniotis
vyniosiusi, vyniotis
vyniosisi, vyniotis
vyniosis, vyniotis
vyniosimės, vyniotis
vyniositės, vyniotis
vyniočiausi, vyniotis
vyniotumeisi, vyniotis
vyniotųsi, vyniotis
vyniotu(mė)mės, vyniotis
vyniotu(mė)tės, vyniotis
vyptelėtis, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjuosi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjiesi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjasi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjamės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjatės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėks, vyptelėtis
vyptelėkitės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėkimės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjausi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjaisi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjosi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjomės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėjotės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėdavausi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėdavaisi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėdavosi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėdavomės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėdavotės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėsiusi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėsisi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėsis, vyptelėtis
vyptelėsimės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėsitės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėčiausi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėtumeisi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėtųsi, vyptelėtis
vyptelėtu(mė)mės, vyptelėtis
vyptelėtu(mė)tės, vyptelėtis
vyrautis, vyrautis
vyraujuosi, vyrautis
vyraujiesi, vyrautis
vyraujasi, vyrautis
vyraujamės, vyrautis
vyraujatės, vyrautis
vyrauks, vyrautis
vyraukitės, vyrautis
vyraukimės, vyrautis
vyravausi, vyrautis
vyravaisi, vyrautis
vyravosi, vyrautis
vyravomės, vyrautis
vyravotės, vyrautis
vyraudavausi, vyrautis
vyraudavaisi, vyrautis
vyraudavosi, vyrautis
vyraudavomės, vyrautis
vyraudavotės, vyrautis
vyrausiusi, vyrautis
vyrausisi, vyrautis
vyrausis, vyrautis
vyrausimės, vyrautis
vyrausitės, vyrautis
vyraučiausi, vyrautis
vyrautumeisi, vyrautis
vyrautųsi, vyrautis
vyrautu(mė)mės, vyrautis
vyrautu(mė)tės, vyrautis
vystis, vystis
vystuosi, vystis
vystiesi, vystis
vystasi, vystis
vystamės, vystis
vystatės, vystis
vysks, vystis
vyskitės, vystis
vyskimės, vystis
vytausi, vystis
vytaisi, vystis
vytosi, vystis
vytomės, vystis
vytotės, vystis
vysdavausi, vystis
vysdavaisi, vystis
vysdavosi, vystis
vysdavomės, vystis
vysdavotės, vystis
vysiusi, vystis
vysisi, vystis
vysis, vystis
vysimės, vystis
vysitės, vystis
vysčiausi, vystis
vystumeisi, vystis
vystųsi, vystis
vystu(mė)mės, vystis
vystu(mė)tės, vystis
vystytis, vystytis
vystausi, vystytis
vystaisi, vystytis
vystosi, vystytis
vystomės, vystytis
vystotės, vystytis
vystyks, vystytis
vystykitės, vystytis
vystykimės, vystytis
vysteisi, vystytis
vystėsi, vystytis
vystėmės, vystytis
vystėtės, vystytis
vystydavausi, vystytis
vystydavaisi, vystytis
vystydavosi, vystytis
vystydavomės, vystytis
vystydavotės, vystytis
vystysiusi, vystytis
vystysisi, vystytis
vystysis, vystytis
vystysimės, vystytis
vystysitės, vystytis
vystyčiausi, vystytis
vystytumeisi, vystytis
vystytųsi, vystytis
vystytu(mė)mės, vystytis
vystytu(mė)tės, vystytis
vytis, vytis
vejuosi, vytis
vejiesi, vytis
vejasi, vytis
vejamės, vytis
vejatės, vytis
vyks, vytis
vykitės, vytis
vykimės, vytis
vijausi, vytis
vijaisi, vytis
vijosi, vytis
vijomės, vytis
vijotės, vytis
vydavausi, vytis
vydavaisi, vytis
vydavosi, vytis
vydavomės, vytis
vydavotės, vytis
vysiusi, vytis
vysisi, vytis
vysis, vytis
vysimės, vytis
vysitės, vytis
vyčiausi, vytis
vytumeisi, vytis
vytųsi, vytis
vytu(mė)mės, vytis
vytu(mė)tės, vytis
žabaltis, žabaltis
žabąluosi, žabaltis
žabąliesi, žabaltis
žabąlasi, žabaltis
žabąlamės, žabaltis
žabąlatės, žabaltis
žabalks, žabaltis
žabalkitės, žabaltis
žabalkimės, žabaltis
žabalausi, žabaltis
žabalaisi, žabaltis
žabalosi, žabaltis
žabalomės, žabaltis
žabalotės, žabaltis
žabaldavausi, žabaltis
žabaldavaisi, žabaltis
žabaldavosi, žabaltis
žabaldavomės, žabaltis
žabaldavotės, žabaltis
žabalsiusi, žabaltis
žabalsisi, žabaltis
žabalsis, žabaltis
žabalsimės, žabaltis
žabalsitės, žabaltis
žabalčiausi, žabaltis
žabaltumeisi, žabaltis
žabaltųsi, žabaltis
žabaltu(mė)mės, žabaltis
žabaltu(mė)tės, žabaltis
žadėtis, žadėtis
žadžuosi, žadėtis
žadiesi, žadėtis
žadasi, žadėtis
žadamės, žadėtis
žadatės, žadėtis
žadėks, žadėtis
žadėkitės, žadėtis
žadėkimės, žadėtis
žadėjausi, žadėtis
žadėjaisi, žadėtis
žadėjosi, žadėtis
žadėjomės, žadėtis
žadėjotės, žadėtis
žadėdavausi, žadėtis
žadėdavaisi, žadėtis
žadėdavosi, žadėtis
žadėdavomės, žadėtis
žadėdavotės, žadėtis
žadėsiusi, žadėtis
žadėsisi, žadėtis
žadėsis, žadėtis
žadėsimės, žadėtis
žadėsitės, žadėtis
žadėčiausi, žadėtis
žadėtumeisi, žadėtis
žadėtųsi, žadėtis
žadėtu(mė)mės, žadėtis
žadėtu(mė)tės, žadėtis
žadintis, žadintis
žadinuosi, žadintis
žadiniesi, žadintis
žadinasi, žadintis
žadinamės, žadintis
žadinatės, žadintis
žadinks, žadintis
žadinkitės, žadintis
žadinkimės, žadintis
žadinausi, žadintis
žadinaisi, žadintis
žadinosi, žadintis
žadinomės, žadintis
žadinotės, žadintis
žadindavausi, žadintis
žadindavaisi, žadintis
žadindavosi, žadintis
žadindavomės, žadintis
žadindavotės, žadintis
žadinsiusi, žadintis
žadinsisi, žadintis
žadinsis, žadintis
žadinsimės, žadintis
žadinsitės, žadintis
žadinčiausi, žadintis
žadintumeisi, žadintis
žadintųsi, žadintis
žadintu(mė)mės, žadintis
žadintu(mė)tės, žadintis
žagsėtis, žagsėtis
žagsiusi, žagsėtis
žagsisi, žagsėtis
žagsisi, žagsėtis
žagsimės, žagsėtis
žagsitės, žagsėtis
žagsėks, žagsėtis
žagsėkitės, žagsėtis
žagsėkimės, žagsėtis
žagsėjausi, žagsėtis
žagsėjaisi, žagsėtis
žagsėjosi, žagsėtis
žagsėjomės, žagsėtis
žagsėjotės, žagsėtis
žagsėdavausi, žagsėtis
žagsėdavaisi, žagsėtis
žagsėdavosi, žagsėtis
žagsėdavomės, žagsėtis
žagsėdavotės, žagsėtis
žagsėsiusi, žagsėtis
žagsėsisi, žagsėtis
žagsėsis, žagsėtis
žagsėsimės, žagsėtis
žagsėsitės, žagsėtis
žagsėčiausi, žagsėtis
žagsėtumeisi, žagsėtis
žagsėtųsi, žagsėtis
žagsėtu(mė)mės, žagsėtis
žagsėtu(mė)tės, žagsėtis
žaibuotis, žaibuotis
žaibuojuosi, žaibuotis
žaibuojiesi, žaibuotis
žaibuojasi, žaibuotis
žaibuojamės, žaibuotis
žaibuojatės, žaibuotis
žaibuoks, žaibuotis
žaibuokitės, žaibuotis
žaibuokimės, žaibuotis
žaibavausi, žaibuotis
žaibavaisi, žaibuotis
žaibavosi, žaibuotis
žaibavomės, žaibuotis
žaibavotės, žaibuotis
žaibuodavausi, žaibuotis
žaibuodavaisi, žaibuotis
žaibuodavosi, žaibuotis
žaibuodavomės, žaibuotis
žaibuodavotės, žaibuotis
žaibuosiusi, žaibuotis
žaibuosisi, žaibuotis
žaibuosis, žaibuotis
žaibuosimės, žaibuotis
žaibuositės, žaibuotis
žaibuočiausi, žaibuotis
žaibuotumeisi, žaibuotis
žaibuotųsi, žaibuotis
žaibuotu(mė)mės, žaibuotis
žaibuotu(mė)tės, žaibuotis
žaistis, žaistis
žaidžiuosi, žaistis
žaidžiesi, žaistis
žaidžiasi, žaistis
žaidžiamės, žaistis
žaidžiatės, žaistis
žaisks, žaistis
žaiskitės, žaistis
žaiskimės, žaistis
žaideisi, žaistis
žaidėsi, žaistis
žaidėmės, žaistis
žaidėtės, žaistis
žaisdavausi, žaistis
žaisdavaisi, žaistis
žaisdavosi, žaistis
žaisdavomės, žaistis
žaisdavotės, žaistis
žaisiusi, žaistis
žaisisi, žaistis
žaisis, žaistis
žaisimės, žaistis
žaisitės, žaistis
žaisčiausi, žaistis
žaistumeisi, žaistis
žaistųsi, žaistis
žaistu(mė)mės, žaistis
žaistu(mė)tės, žaistis
žaižaruotis, žaižaruotis
žaižaruojuosi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruojiesi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruojasi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruojamės, žaižaruotis
žaižaruojatės, žaižaruotis
žaižaruoks, žaižaruotis
žaižaruokitės, žaižaruotis
žaižaruokimės, žaižaruotis
žaižaravausi, žaižaruotis
žaižaravaisi, žaižaruotis
žaižaravosi, žaižaruotis
žaižaravomės, žaižaruotis
žaižaravotės, žaižaruotis
žaižaruodavausi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruodavaisi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruodavosi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruodavomės, žaižaruotis
žaižaruodavotės, žaižaruotis
žaižaruosiusi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruosisi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruosis, žaižaruotis
žaižaruosimės, žaižaruotis
žaižaruositės, žaižaruotis
žaižaruočiausi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruotumeisi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruotųsi, žaižaruotis
žaižaruotu(mė)mės, žaižaruotis
žaižaruotu(mė)tės, žaižaruotis
žalėtis, žalėtis
žalėjuosi, žalėtis
žalėjiesi, žalėtis
žalėjasi, žalėtis
žalėjamės, žalėtis
žalėjatės, žalėtis
žalėks, žalėtis
žalėkitės, žalėtis
žalėkimės, žalėtis
žalėjausi, žalėtis
žalėjaisi, žalėtis
žalėjosi, žalėtis
žalėjomės, žalėtis
žalėjotės, žalėtis
žalėdavausi, žalėtis
žalėdavaisi, žalėtis
žalėdavosi, žalėtis
žalėdavomės, žalėtis
žalėdavotės, žalėtis
žalėsiusi, žalėtis
žalėsisi, žalėtis
žalėsis, žalėtis
žalėsimės, žalėtis
žalėsitės, žalėtis
žalėčiausi, žalėtis
žalėtumeisi, žalėtis
žalėtųsi, žalėtis
žalėtu(mė)mės, žalėtis
žalėtu(mė)tės, žalėtis
žalintis, žalintis
žalinuosi, žalintis
žaliniesi, žalintis
žalinasi, žalintis
žalinamės, žalintis
žalinatės, žalintis
žalinks, žalintis
žalinkitės, žalintis
žalinkimės, žalintis
žalinausi, žalintis
žalinaisi, žalintis
žalinosi, žalintis
žalinomės, žalintis
žalinotės, žalintis
žalindavausi, žalintis
žalindavaisi, žalintis
žalindavosi, žalintis
žalindavomės, žalintis
žalindavotės, žalintis
žalinsiusi, žalintis
žalinsisi, žalintis
žalinsis, žalintis
žalinsimės, žalintis
žalinsitės, žalintis
žalinčiausi, žalintis
žalintumeisi, žalintis
žalintųsi, žalintis
žalintu(mė)mės, žalintis
žalintu(mė)tės, žalintis
žaliuotis, žaliuotis
žaliuojuosi, žaliuotis
žaliuojiesi, žaliuotis
žaliuojasi, žaliuotis
žaliuojamės, žaliuotis
žaliuojatės, žaliuotis
žaliuoks, žaliuotis
žaliuokitės, žaliuotis
žaliuokimės, žaliuotis
žaliavausi, žaliuotis
žaliavaisi, žaliuotis
žaliavosi, žaliuotis
žaliavomės, žaliuotis
žaliavotės, žaliuotis
žaliuodavausi, žaliuotis
žaliuodavaisi, žaliuotis
žaliuodavosi, žaliuotis
žaliuodavomės, žaliuotis
žaliuodavotės, žaliuotis
žaliuosiusi, žaliuotis
žaliuosisi, žaliuotis
žaliuosis, žaliuotis
žaliuosimės, žaliuotis
žaliuositės, žaliuotis
žaliuočiausi, žaliuotis
žaliuotumeisi, žaliuotis
žaliuotųsi, žaliuotis
žaliuotu(mė)mės, žaliuotis
žaliuotu(mė)tės, žaliuotis
žalotis, žalotis
žalojuosi, žalotis
žalojiesi, žalotis
žalojasi, žalotis
žalojamės, žalotis
žalojatės, žalotis
žaloks, žalotis
žalokitės, žalotis
žalokimės, žalotis
žalojausi, žalotis
žalojaisi, žalotis
žalojosi, žalotis
žalojomės, žalotis
žalojotės, žalotis
žalodavausi, žalotis
žalodavaisi, žalotis
žalodavosi, žalotis
žalodavomės, žalotis
žalodavotės, žalotis
žalosiusi, žalotis
žalosisi, žalotis
žalosis, žalotis
žalosimės, žalotis
žalositės, žalotis
žaločiausi, žalotis
žalotumeisi, žalotis
žalotųsi, žalotis
žalotu(mė)mės, žalotis
žalotu(mė)tės, žalotis
žavėtis, žavėtis
žaviusi, žavėtis
žavisi, žavėtis
žavisi, žavėtis
žavimės, žavėtis
žavitės, žavėtis
žavėks, žavėtis
žavėkitės, žavėtis
žavėkimės, žavėtis
žavėjausi, žavėtis
žavėjaisi, žavėtis
žavėjosi, žavėtis
žavėjomės, žavėtis
žavėjotės, žavėtis
žavėdavausi, žavėtis
žavėdavaisi, žavėtis
žavėdavosi, žavėtis
žavėdavomės, žavėtis
žavėdavotės, žavėtis
žavėsiusi, žavėtis
žavėsisi, žavėtis
žavėsis, žavėtis
žavėsimės, žavėtis
žavėsitės, žavėtis
žavėčiausi, žavėtis
žavėtumeisi, žavėtis
žavėtųsi, žavėtis
žavėtu(mė)mės, žavėtis
žavėtu(mė)tės, žavėtis
žeistis, žeistis
žeidžiuosi, žeistis
žeidžiesi, žeistis
žeidžiasi, žeistis
žeidžiamės, žeistis
žeidžiatės, žeistis
žeisks, žeistis
žeiskitės, žeistis
žeiskimės, žeistis
žeideisi, žeistis
žeidėsi, žeistis
žeidėmės, žeistis
žeidėtės, žeistis
žeisdavausi, žeistis
žeisdavaisi, žeistis
žeisdavosi, žeistis
žeisdavomės, žeistis
žeisdavotės, žeistis
žeisiusi, žeistis
žeisisi, žeistis
žeisis, žeistis
žeisimės, žeistis
žeisitės, žeistis
žeisčiausi, žeistis
žeistumeisi, žeistis
žeistųsi, žeistis
žeistu(mė)mės, žeistis
žeistu(mė)tės, žeistis
želtis, želtis
želiuosi, želtis
želiesi, želtis
želiasi, želtis
želiamės, želtis
želiatės, želtis
želks, želtis
želkitės, želtis
želkimės, želtis
žėliausi, želtis
žėleisi, želtis
žėlėsi, želtis
žėlėmės, želtis
žėlėtės, želtis
želdavausi, želtis
želdavaisi, želtis
želdavosi, želtis
želdavomės, želtis
želdavotės, želtis
želsiusi, želtis
želsisi, želtis
želsis, želtis
želsimės, želtis
želsitės, želtis
želčiausi, želtis
želtumeisi, želtis
želtųsi, želtis
želtu(mė)mės, želtis
želtu(mė)tės, želtis
žemėtis, žemėtis
žemėjuosi, žemėtis
žemėjiesi, žemėtis
žemėjasi, žemėtis
žemėjamės, žemėtis
žemėjatės, žemėtis
žemėks, žemėtis
žemėkitės, žemėtis
žemėkimės, žemėtis
žemėjausi, žemėtis
žemėjaisi, žemėtis
žemėjosi, žemėtis
žemėjomės, žemėtis
žemėjotės, žemėtis
žemėdavausi, žemėtis
žemėdavaisi, žemėtis
žemėdavosi, žemėtis
žemėdavomės, žemėtis
žemėdavotės, žemėtis
žemėsiusi, žemėtis
žemėsisi, žemėtis
žemėsis, žemėtis
žemėsimės, žemėtis
žemėsitės, žemėtis
žemėčiausi, žemėtis
žemėtumeisi, žemėtis
žemėtųsi, žemėtis
žemėtu(mė)mės, žemėtis
žemėtu(mė)tės, žemėtis
žemintis, žemintis
žeminuosi, žemintis
žeminiesi, žemintis
žeminasi, žemintis
žeminamės, žemintis
žeminatės, žemintis
žeminks, žemintis
žeminkitės, žemintis
žeminkimės, žemintis
žeminausi, žemintis
žeminaisi, žemintis
žeminosi, žemintis
žeminomės, žemintis
žeminotės, žemintis
žemindavausi, žemintis
žemindavaisi, žemintis
žemindavosi, žemintis
žemindavomės, žemintis
žemindavotės, žemintis
žeminsiusi, žemintis
žeminsisi, žemintis
žeminsis, žemintis
žeminsimės, žemintis
žeminsitės, žemintis
žeminčiausi, žemintis
žemintumeisi, žemintis
žemintųsi, žemintis
žemintu(mė)mės, žemintis
žemintu(mė)tės, žemintis
žengtis, žengtis
žengiuosi, žengtis
žengiesi, žengtis
žengiasi, žengtis
žengiamės, žengtis
žengiatės, žengtis
ženks, žengtis
ženkitės, žengtis
ženkimės, žengtis
žengiausi, žengtis
žengeisi, žengtis
žengėsi, žengtis
žengėmės, žengtis
žengėtės, žengtis
žengdavausi, žengtis
žengdavaisi, žengtis
žengdavosi, žengtis
žengdavomės, žengtis
žengdavotės, žengtis
žengsiusi, žengtis
žengsisi, žengtis
žengsis, žengtis
žengsimės, žengtis
žengsitės, žengtis
žengčiausi, žengtis
žengtumeisi, žengtis
žengtųsi, žengtis
žengtu(mė)mės, žengtis
žengtu(mė)tės, žengtis
ženklintis, ženklintis
ženklinuosi, ženklintis
ženkliniesi, ženklintis
ženklinasi, ženklintis
ženklinamės, ženklintis
ženklinatės, ženklintis
ženklinks, ženklintis
ženklinkitės, ženklintis
ženklinkimės, ženklintis
ženklinausi, ženklintis
ženklinaisi, ženklintis
ženklinosi, ženklintis
ženklinomės, ženklintis
ženklinotės, ženklintis
ženklindavausi, ženklintis
ženklindavaisi, ženklintis
ženklindavosi, ženklintis
ženklindavomės, ženklintis
ženklindavotės, ženklintis
ženklinsiusi, ženklintis
ženklinsisi, ženklintis
ženklinsis, ženklintis
ženklinsimės, ženklintis
ženklinsitės, ženklintis
ženklinčiausi, ženklintis
ženklintumeisi, ženklintis
ženklintųsi, ženklintis
ženklintu(mė)mės, ženklintis
ženklintu(mė)tės, ženklintis
žėrėtis, žėrėtis
žėriusi, žėrėtis
žėrisi, žėrėtis
žėrisi, žėrėtis
žėrimės, žėrėtis
žėritės, žėrėtis
žėrėks, žėrėtis
žėrėkitės, žėrėtis
žėrėkimės, žėrėtis
žėrėjausi, žėrėtis
žėrėjaisi, žėrėtis
žėrėjosi, žėrėtis
žėrėjomės, žėrėtis
žėrėjotės, žėrėtis
žėrėdavausi, žėrėtis
žėrėdavaisi, žėrėtis
žėrėdavosi, žėrėtis
žėrėdavomės, žėrėtis
žėrėdavotės, žėrėtis
žėrėsiusi, žėrėtis
žėrėsisi, žėrėtis
žėrėsis, žėrėtis
žėrėsimės, žėrėtis
žėrėsitės, žėrėtis
žėrėčiausi, žėrėtis
žėrėtumeisi, žėrėtis
žėrėtųsi, žėrėtis
žėrėtu(mė)mės, žėrėtis
žėrėtu(mė)tės, žėrėtis
žertis, žertis
žeriuosi, žertis
žeriesi, žertis
žeriasi, žertis
žeriamės, žertis
žeriatės, žertis
žerks, žertis
žerkitės, žertis
žerkimės, žertis
žėriausi, žertis
žėreisi, žertis
žėrėsi, žertis
žėrėmės, žertis
žėrėtės, žertis
žerdavausi, žertis
žerdavaisi, žertis
žerdavosi, žertis
žerdavomės, žertis
žerdavotės, žertis
žersiusi, žertis
žersisi, žertis
žersis, žertis
žersimės, žertis
žersitės, žertis
žerčiausi, žertis
žertumeisi, žertis
žertųsi, žertis
žertu(mė)mės, žertis
žertu(mė)tės, žertis
žiaukčiotis, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojuosi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojiesi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojasi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojamės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojatės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčioks, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiokitės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiokimės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojausi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojaisi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojosi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojomės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiojotės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiodavausi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiodavaisi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiodavosi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiodavomės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiodavotės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiosiusi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiosisi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiosis, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiosimės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiositės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiočiausi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiotumeisi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiotųsi, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiotu(mė)mės, žiaukčiotis
žiaukčiotu(mė)tės, žiaukčiotis
žibėtis, žibėtis
žibuosi, žibėtis
žibiesi, žibėtis
žibasi, žibėtis
žibamės, žibėtis
žibatės, žibėtis
žibėks, žibėtis
žibėkitės, žibėtis
žibėkimės, žibėtis
žibėjausi, žibėtis
žibėjaisi, žibėtis
žibėjosi, žibėtis
žibėjomės, žibėtis
žibėjotės, žibėtis
žibėdavausi, žibėtis
žibėdavaisi, žibėtis
žibėdavosi, žibėtis
žibėdavomės, žibėtis
žibėdavotės, žibėtis
žibėsiusi, žibėtis
žibėsisi, žibėtis
žibėsis, žibėtis
žibėsimės, žibėtis
žibėsitės, žibėtis
žibėčiausi, žibėtis
žibėtumeisi, žibėtis
žibėtųsi, žibėtis
žibėtu(mė)mės, žibėtis
žibėtu(mė)tės, žibėtis
žiebtis, žiebtis
žiebiuosi, žiebtis
žiebiesi, žiebtis
žiebiasi, žiebtis
žiebiamės, žiebtis
žiebiatės, žiebtis
žiebks, žiebtis
žiebkitės, žiebtis
žiebkimės, žiebtis
žiebiausi, žiebtis
žiebeisi, žiebtis
žiebėsi, žiebtis
žiebėmės, žiebtis
žiebėtės, žiebtis
žiebdavausi, žiebtis
žiebdavaisi, žiebtis
žiebdavosi, žiebtis
žiebdavomės, žiebtis
žiebdavotės, žiebtis
žiebsiusi, žiebtis
žiebsisi, žiebtis
žiebsis, žiebtis
žiebsimės, žiebtis
žiebsitės, žiebtis
žiebčiausi, žiebtis
žiebtumeisi, žiebtis
žiebtųsi, žiebtis
žiebtu(mė)mės, žiebtis
žiebtu(mė)tės, žiebtis
žiemotis, žiemotis
žiemojuosi, žiemotis
žiemojiesi, žiemotis
žiemojasi, žiemotis
žiemojamės, žiemotis
žiemojatės, žiemotis
žiemoks, žiemotis
žiemokitės, žiemotis
žiemokimės, žiemotis
žiemojausi, žiemotis
žiemojaisi, žiemotis
žiemojosi, žiemotis
žiemojomės, žiemotis
žiemojotės, žiemotis
žiemodavausi, žiemotis
žiemodavaisi, žiemotis
žiemodavosi, žiemotis
žiemodavomės, žiemotis
žiemodavotės, žiemotis
žiemosiusi, žiemotis
žiemosisi, žiemotis
žiemosis, žiemotis
žiemosimės, žiemotis
žiemositės, žiemotis
žiemočiausi, žiemotis
žiemotumeisi, žiemotis
žiemotųsi, žiemotis
žiemotu(mė)mės, žiemotis
žiemotu(mė)tės, žiemotis
žiestis, žiestis
žiedžiuosi, žiestis
žiedžiesi, žiestis
žiedžiasi, žiestis
žiedžiamės, žiestis
žiedžiatės, žiestis
žiesks, žiestis
žieskitės, žiestis
žieskimės, žiestis
žiedeisi, žiestis
žiedėsi, žiestis
žiedėmės, žiestis
žiedėtės, žiestis
žiesdavausi, žiestis
žiesdavaisi, žiestis
žiesdavosi, žiestis
žiesdavomės, žiestis
žiesdavotės, žiestis
žiesiusi, žiestis
žiesisi, žiestis
žiesis, žiestis
žiesimės, žiestis
žiesitės, žiestis
žiesčiausi, žiestis
žiestumeisi, žiestis
žiestųsi, žiestis
žiestu(mė)mės, žiestis
žiestu(mė)tės, žiestis
žindytis, žindytis
žindžausi, žindytis
žindaisi, žindytis
žindosi, žindytis
žindomės, žindytis
žindotės, žindytis
žindyks, žindytis
žindykitės, žindytis
žindykimės, žindytis
žindeisi, žindytis
žindėsi, žindytis
žindėmės, žindytis
žindėtės, žindytis
žindydavausi, žindytis
žindydavaisi, žindytis
žindydavosi, žindytis
žindydavomės, žindytis
žindydavotės, žindytis
žindysiusi, žindytis
žindysisi, žindytis
žindysis, žindytis
žindysimės, žindytis
žindysitės, žindytis
žindyčiausi, žindytis
žindytumeisi, žindytis
žindytųsi, žindytis
žindytu(mė)mės, žindytis
žindytu(mė)tės, žindytis
žingsniuotis, žingsniuotis
žingsniuojuosi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuojiesi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuojasi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuojamės, žingsniuotis
žingsniuojatės, žingsniuotis
žingsniuoks, žingsniuotis
žingsniuokitės, žingsniuotis
žingsniuokimės, žingsniuotis
žingsniavausi, žingsniuotis
žingsniavaisi, žingsniuotis
žingsniavosi, žingsniuotis
žingsniavomės, žingsniuotis
žingsniavotės, žingsniuotis
žingsniuodavausi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuodavaisi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuodavosi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuodavomės, žingsniuotis
žingsniuodavotės, žingsniuotis
žingsniuosiusi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuosisi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuosis, žingsniuotis
žingsniuosimės, žingsniuotis
žingsniuositės, žingsniuotis
žingsniuočiausi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuotumeisi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuotųsi, žingsniuotis
žingsniuotu(mė)mės, žingsniuotis
žingsniuotu(mė)tės, žingsniuotis
žinotis, žinotis
žinausi, žinotis
žinaisi, žinotis
žinosi, žinotis
žinomės, žinotis
žinotės, žinotis
žinoks, žinotis
žinokitės, žinotis
žinokimės, žinotis
žinojausi, žinotis
žinojaisi, žinotis
žinojosi, žinotis
žinojomės, žinotis
žinojotės, žinotis
žinodavausi, žinotis
žinodavaisi, žinotis
žinodavosi, žinotis
žinodavomės, žinotis
žinodavotės, žinotis
žinosiusi, žinotis
žinosisi, žinotis
žinosis, žinotis
žinosimės, žinotis
žinositės, žinotis
žinočiausi, žinotis
žinotumeisi, žinotis
žinotųsi, žinotis
žinotu(mė)mės, žinotis
žinotu(mė)tės, žinotis
žiojėtis, žiojėtis
žiojiusi, žiojėtis
žiojisi, žiojėtis
žiojisi, žiojėtis
žiojimės, žiojėtis
žiojitės, žiojėtis
žiojėks, žiojėtis
žiojėkitės, žiojėtis
žiojėkimės, žiojėtis
žiojėjausi, žiojėtis
žiojėjaisi, žiojėtis
žiojėjosi, žiojėtis
žiojėjomės, žiojėtis
žiojėjotės, žiojėtis
žiojėdavausi, žiojėtis
žiojėdavaisi, žiojėtis
žiojėdavosi, žiojėtis
žiojėdavomės, žiojėtis
žiojėdavotės, žiojėtis
žiojėsiusi, žiojėtis
žiojėsisi, žiojėtis
žiojėsis, žiojėtis
žiojėsimės, žiojėtis
žiojėsitės, žiojėtis
žiojėčiausi, žiojėtis
žiojėtumeisi, žiojėtis
žiojėtųsi, žiojėtis
žiojėtu(mė)mės, žiojėtis
žiojėtu(mė)tės, žiojėtis
žioplinėtis, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjuosi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjiesi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjasi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjamės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjatės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėks, žioplinėtis
žioplinėkitės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėkimės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjausi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjaisi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjosi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjomės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėjotės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėdavausi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėdavaisi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėdavosi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėdavomės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėdavotės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėsiusi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėsisi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėsis, žioplinėtis
žioplinėsimės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėsitės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėčiausi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėtumeisi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėtųsi, žioplinėtis
žioplinėtu(mė)mės, žioplinėtis
žioplinėtu(mė)tės, žioplinėtis
žiopsotis, žiopsotis
žiopsausi, žiopsotis
žiopsaisi, žiopsotis
žiopsosi, žiopsotis
žiopsomės, žiopsotis
žiopsotės, žiopsotis
žiopsoks, žiopsotis
žiopsokitės, žiopsotis
žiopsokimės, žiopsotis
žiopsojausi, žiopsotis
žiopsojaisi, žiopsotis
žiopsojosi, žiopsotis
žiopsojomės, žiopsotis
žiopsojotės, žiopsotis
žiopsodavausi, žiopsotis
žiopsodavaisi, žiopsotis
žiopsodavosi, žiopsotis
žiopsodavomės, žiopsotis
žiopsodavotės, žiopsotis
žiopsosiusi, žiopsotis
žiopsosisi, žiopsotis
žiopsosis, žiopsotis
žiopsosimės, žiopsotis
žiopsositės, žiopsotis
žiopsočiausi, žiopsotis
žiopsotumeisi, žiopsotis
žiopsotųsi, žiopsotis
žiopsotu(mė)mės, žiopsotis
žiopsotu(mė)tės, žiopsotis
žioruotis, žioruotis
žioruojuosi, žioruotis
žioruojiesi, žioruotis
žioruojasi, žioruotis
žioruojamės, žioruotis
žioruojatės, žioruotis
žioruoks, žioruotis
žioruokitės, žioruotis
žioruokimės, žioruotis
žioravausi, žioruotis
žioravaisi, žioruotis
žioravosi, žioruotis
žioravomės, žioruotis
žioravotės, žioruotis
žioruodavausi, žioruotis
žioruodavaisi, žioruotis
žioruodavosi, žioruotis
žioruodavomės, žioruotis
žioruodavotės, žioruotis
žioruosiusi, žioruotis
žioruosisi, žioruotis
žioruosis, žioruotis
žioruosimės, žioruotis
žioruositės, žioruotis
žioruočiausi, žioruotis
žioruotumeisi, žioruotis
žioruotųsi, žioruotis
žioruotu(mė)mės, žioruotis
žioruotu(mė)tės, žioruotis
žiovautis, žiovautis
žiovaujuosi, žiovautis
žiovaujiesi, žiovautis
žiovaujasi, žiovautis
žiovaujamės, žiovautis
žiovaujatės, žiovautis
žiovauks, žiovautis
žiovaukitės, žiovautis
žiovaukimės, žiovautis
žiovavausi, žiovautis
žiovavaisi, žiovautis
žiovavosi, žiovautis
žiovavomės, žiovautis
žiovavotės, žiovautis
žiovaudavausi, žiovautis
žiovaudavaisi, žiovautis
žiovaudavosi, žiovautis
žiovaudavomės, žiovautis
žiovaudavotės, žiovautis
žiovausiusi, žiovautis
žiovausisi, žiovautis
žiovausis, žiovautis
žiovausimės, žiovautis
žiovausitės, žiovautis
žiovaučiausi, žiovautis
žiovautumeisi, žiovautis
žiovautųsi, žiovautis
žiovautu(mė)mės, žiovautis
žiovautu(mė)tės, žiovautis
žirtis, žirtis
žyruosi, žirtis
žyriesi, žirtis
žyrasi, žirtis
žyramės, žirtis
žyratės, žirtis
žirks, žirtis
žirkitės, žirtis
žirkimės, žirtis
žirausi, žirtis
žiraisi, žirtis
žirosi, žirtis
žiromės, žirtis
žirotės, žirtis
žirdavausi, žirtis
žirdavaisi, žirtis
žirdavosi, žirtis
žirdavomės, žirtis
žirdavotės, žirtis
žirsiusi, žirtis
žirsisi, žirtis
žirsis, žirtis
žirsimės, žirtis
žirsitės, žirtis
žirčiausi, žirtis
žirtumeisi, žirtis
žirtųsi, žirtis
žirtu(mė)mės, žirtis
žirtu(mė)tės, žirtis
zirztis, zirztis
zirziuosi, zirztis
zirziesi, zirztis
zirziasi, zirztis
zirziamės, zirztis
zirziatės, zirztis
zirzks, zirztis
zirzkitės, zirztis
zirzkimės, zirztis
zirziausi, zirztis
zirzeisi, zirztis
zirzėsi, zirztis
zirzėmės, zirztis
zirzėtės, zirztis
zirzdavausi, zirztis
zirzdavaisi, zirztis
zirzdavosi, zirztis
zirzdavomės, zirztis
zirzdavotės, zirztis
zirzsiusi, zirztis
zirzsisi, zirztis
zirzsis, zirztis
zirzsimės, zirztis
zirzsitės, zirztis
zirzčiausi, zirztis
zirztumeisi, zirztis
zirztųsi, zirztis
zirztu(mė)mės, zirztis
zirztu(mė)tės, zirztis
žiūrėtis, žiūrėtis
žiūriusi, žiūrėtis
žiūrisi, žiūrėtis
žiūrisi, žiūrėtis
žiūrimės, žiūrėtis
žiūritės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėks, žiūrėtis
žiūrėkitės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėkimės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėjausi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėjaisi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėjosi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėjomės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėjotės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėdavausi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėdavaisi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėdavosi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėdavomės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėdavotės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėsiusi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėsisi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėsis, žiūrėtis
žiūrėsimės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėsitės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėčiausi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėtumeisi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėtųsi, žiūrėtis
žiūrėtu(mė)mės, žiūrėtis
žiūrėtu(mė)tės, žiūrėtis
žiūrinėtis, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjuosi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjiesi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjasi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjamės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjatės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėks, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėkitės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėkimės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjausi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjaisi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjosi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjomės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėjotės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėdavausi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėdavaisi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėdavosi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėdavomės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėdavotės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėsiusi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėsisi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėsis, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėsimės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėsitės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėčiausi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėtumeisi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėtųsi, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėtu(mė)mės, žiūrinėtis
žiūrinėtu(mė)tės, žiūrinėtis
žlegsėtis, žlegsėtis
žlegsiusi, žlegsėtis
žlegsisi, žlegsėtis
žlegsisi, žlegsėtis
žlegsimės, žlegsėtis
žlegsitės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėks, žlegsėtis
žlegsėkitės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėkimės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėjausi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėjaisi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėjosi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėjomės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėjotės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėdavausi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėdavaisi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėdavosi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėdavomės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėdavotės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėsiusi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėsisi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėsis, žlegsėtis
žlegsėsimės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėsitės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėčiausi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėtumeisi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėtųsi, žlegsėtis
žlegsėtu(mė)mės, žlegsėtis
žlegsėtu(mė)tės, žlegsėtis
žlegtelėtis, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjuosi, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjiesi, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjasi, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjamės, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjatės, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėks, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėkitės, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėkimės, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjausi, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjaisi, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjosi, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjomės, žlegtelėtis
žiegtelėjotės, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėdavausi, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėdavaisi, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėdavosi, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėdavomės, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėdavotės, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėsiusi, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėsisi, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėsis, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėsimės, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėsitės, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėčiausi, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėtumeisi, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėtųsi, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėtu(mė)mės, žlegtelėtis
žlegtelėtu(mė)tės, žlegtelėtis
žliaugtis, žliaugtis
žliaugiuosi, žliaugtis
žliaugiesi, žliaugtis
žliaugiasi, žliaugtis
žliaugiamės, žliaugtis
žliaugiatės, žliaugtis
žliauks, žliaugtis
žliaukitės, žliaugtis
žliaukimės, žliaugtis
žliaugiausi, žliaugtis
žliaugeisi, žliaugtis
žliaugėsi, žliaugtis
žliaugėmės, žliaugtis
žliaugėtės, žliaugtis
žliaugdavausi, žliaugtis
žliaugdavaisi, žliaugtis
žliaugdavosi, žliaugtis
žliaugdavomės, žliaugtis
žliaugdavotės, žliaugtis
žliaugsiusi, žliaugtis
žliaugsisi, žliaugtis
žliaugsis, žliaugtis
žliaugsimės, žliaugtis
žliaugsitės, žliaugtis
žliaugčiausi, žliaugtis
žliaugtumeisi, žliaugtis
žliaugtųsi, žliaugtis
žliaugtu(mė)mės, žliaugtis
žliaugtu(mė)tės, žliaugtis
žlibtis, žlibtis
žlimbuosi, žlibtis
žlimbiesi, žlibtis
žlimbasi, žlibtis
žlimbamės, žlibtis
žlimbatės, žlibtis
žlibks, žlibtis
žlibkitės, žlibtis
žlibkimės, žlibtis
žlibausi, žlibtis
žlibaisi, žlibtis
žlibosi, žlibtis
žlibomės, žlibtis
žlibotės, žlibtis
žlibdavausi, žlibtis
žlibdavaisi, žlibtis
žlibdavosi, žlibtis
žlibdavomės, žlibtis
žlibdavotės, žlibtis
žlibsiusi, žlibtis
žlibsisi, žlibtis
žlibsis, žlibtis
žlibsimės, žlibtis
žlibsitės, žlibtis
žlibčiausi, žlibtis
žlibtumeisi, žlibtis
žlibtųsi, žlibtis
žlibtu(mė)mės, žlibtis
žlibtu(mė)tės, žlibtis
žlugdytis, žlugdytis
žlugdžausi, žlugdytis
žlugdaisi, žlugdytis
žlugdosi, žlugdytis
žlugdomės, žlugdytis
žlugdotės, žlugdytis
žlugdyks, žlugdytis
žlugdykitės, žlugdytis
žlugdykimės, žlugdytis
žlugdeisi, žlugdytis
žlugdėsi, žlugdytis
žlugdėmės, žlugdytis
žlugdėtės, žlugdytis
žlugdydavausi, žlugdytis
žlugdydavaisi, žlugdytis
žlugdydavosi, žlugdytis
žlugdydavomės, žlugdytis
žlugdydavotės, žlugdytis
žlugdysiusi, žlugdytis
žlugdysisi, žlugdytis
žlugdysis, žlugdytis
žlugdysimės, žlugdytis
žlugdysitės, žlugdytis
žlugdyčiausi, žlugdytis
žlugdytumeisi, žlugdytis
žlugdytųsi, žlugdytis
žlugdytu(mė)mės, žlugdytis
žlugdytu(mė)tės, žlugdytis
žlugtis, žlugtis
žlunguosi, žlugtis
žlungiesi, žlugtis
žlungasi, žlugtis
žlungamės, žlugtis
žlungatės, žlugtis
žluks, žlugtis
žlukitės, žlugtis
žlukimės, žlugtis
žlugausi, žlugtis
žlugaisi, žlugtis
žlugosi, žlugtis
žlugomės, žlugtis
žlugotės, žlugtis
žlugdavausi, žlugtis
žlugdavaisi, žlugtis
žlugdavosi, žlugtis
žlugdavomės, žlugtis
žlugdavotės, žlugtis
žlugsiusi, žlugtis
žlugsisi, žlugtis
žlugsis, žlugtis
žlugsimės, žlugtis
žlugsitės, žlugtis
žlugčiausi, žlugtis
žlugtumeisi, žlugtis
žlugtųsi, žlugtis
žlugtu(mė)mės, žlugtis
žlugtu(mė)tės, žlugtis
žnybtis, žnybtis
žnybiuosi, žnybtis
žnybiesi, žnybtis
žnybiasi, žnybtis
žnybiamės, žnybtis
žnybiatės, žnybtis
žnybks, žnybtis
žnybkitės, žnybtis
žnybkimės, žnybtis
žnybiausi, žnybtis
žnybeisi, žnybtis
žnybėsi, žnybtis
žnybėmės, žnybtis
žnybėtės, žnybtis
žnybdavausi, žnybtis
žnybdavaisi, žnybtis
žnybdavosi, žnybtis
žnybdavomės, žnybtis
žnybdavotės, žnybtis
žnybsiusi, žnybtis
žnybsisi, žnybtis
žnybsis, žnybtis
žnybsimės, žnybtis
žnybsitės, žnybtis
žnybčiausi, žnybtis
žnybtumeisi, žnybtis
žnybtųsi, žnybtis
žnybtu(mė)mės, žnybtis
žnybtu(mė)tės, žnybtis
žodžiuotis, žodžiuotis
žodžiuojuosi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuojiesi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuojasi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuojamės, žodžiuotis
žodžiuojatės, žodžiuotis
žodžiuoks, žodžiuotis
žodžiuokitės, žodžiuotis
žodžiuokimės, žodžiuotis
žodžiavausi, žodžiuotis
žodžiavaisi, žodžiuotis
žodžiavosi, žodžiuotis
žodžiavomės, žodžiuotis
žodžiavotės, žodžiuotis
žodžiuodavausi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuodavaisi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuodavosi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuodavomės, žodžiuotis
žodžiuodavotės, žodžiuotis
žodžiuosiusi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuosisi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuosis, žodžiuotis
žodžiuosimės, žodžiuotis
žodžiuositės, žodžiuotis
žodžiuočiausi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuotumeisi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuotųsi, žodžiuotis
žodžiuotu(mė)mės, žodžiuotis
žodžiuotu(mė)tės, žodžiuotis
žongliruotis, žongliruotis
žongliruojuosi, žongliruotis
žongliruojiesi, žongliruotis
žongliruojasi, žongliruotis
žongliruojamės, žongliruotis
žongliruojatės, žongliruotis
žongliruoks, žongliruotis
žongliruokitės, žongliruotis
žongliruokimės, žongliruotis
žongliravausi, žongliruotis
žongliravaisi, žongliruotis
žongliravosi, žongliruotis
žongliravomės, žongliruotis
žongliravotės, žongliruotis
žongliruodavausi, žongliruotis
žongliruodavaisi, žongliruotis
žongliruodavosi, žongliruotis
žongliruodavomės, žongliruotis
žongliruodavotės, žongliruotis
žongliruosiusi, žongliruotis
žongliruosisi, žongliruotis
žongliruosis, žongliruotis
žongliruosimės, žongliruotis
žongliruositės, žongliruotis
žongliruočiausi, žongliruotis
žongliruotumeisi, žongliruotis
žongliruotųsi, žongliruotis
žongliruotu(mė)mės, žongliruotis
žongliruotu(mė)tės, žongliruotis
žudytis, žudytis
žudžausi, žudytis
žudaisi, žudytis
žudosi, žudytis
žudomės, žudytis
žudotės, žudytis
žudyks, žudytis
žudykitės, žudytis
žudykimės, žudytis
žudeisi, žudytis
žudėsi, žudytis
žudėmės, žudytis
žudėtės, žudytis
žudydavausi, žudytis
žudydavaisi, žudytis
žudydavosi, žudytis
žudydavomės, žudytis
žudydavotės, žudytis
žudysiusi, žudytis
žudysisi, žudytis
žudysis, žudytis
žudysimės, žudytis
žudysitės, žudytis
žudyčiausi, žudytis
žudytumeisi, žudytis
žudytųsi, žudytis
žudytu(mė)mės, žudytis
žudytu(mė)tės, žudytis
žūtis, žūtis
žūvuosi, žūtis
žūviesi, žūtis
žūvasi, žūtis
žūvamės, žūtis
žūvatės, žūtis
žūks, žūtis
žūkitės, žūtis
žūkimės, žūtis
žuvausi, žūtis
žuvaisi, žūtis
žuvosi, žūtis
žuvomės, žūtis
žuvotės, žūtis
žūdavausi, žūtis
žūdavaisi, žūtis
žūdavosi, žūtis
žūdavomės, žūtis
žūdavotės, žūtis
žūsiusi, žūtis
žūsisi, žūtis
žusis, žūtis
žūsimės, žūtis
žūsitės, žūtis
žūčiausi, žūtis
žūtumeisi, žūtis
žūtųsi, žūtis
žūtu(mė)mės, žūtis
žūtu(mė)tės, žūtis
žuvautis, žuvautis
žuvaujuosi, žuvautis
žuvaujiesi, žuvautis
žuvaujasi, žuvautis
žuvaujamės, žuvautis
žuvaujatės, žuvautis
žuvauks, žuvautis
žuvaukitės, žuvautis
žuvaukimės, žuvautis
žuvavausi, žuvautis
žuvavaisi, žuvautis
žuvavosi, žuvautis
žuvavomės, žuvautis
žuvavotės, žuvautis
žuvaudavausi, žuvautis
žuvaudavaisi, žuvautis
žuvaudavosi, žuvautis
žuvaudavomės, žuvautis
žuvaudavotės, žuvautis
žuvausiusi, žuvautis
žuvausisi, žuvautis
žuvausis, žuvautis
žuvausimės, žuvautis
žuvausitės, žuvautis
žuvaučiausi, žuvautis
žuvautumeisi, žuvautis
žuvautųsi, žuvautis
žuvautu(mė)mės, žuvautis
žuvautu(mė)tės, žuvautis
žvalgytis, žvalgytis
žvalgausi, žvalgytis
žvalgaisi, žvalgytis
žvalgosi, žvalgytis
žvalgomės, žvalgytis
žvalgotės, žvalgytis
žvalgyks, žvalgytis
žvalgykitės, žvalgytis
žvalgykimės, žvalgytis
žvalgiausi, žvalgytis
žvalgeisi, žvalgytis
žvalgėsi, žvalgytis
žvalgėmės, žvalgytis
žvalgėtės, žvalgytis
žvalgydavausi, žvalgytis
žvalgydavaisi, žvalgytis
žvalgydavosi, žvalgytis
žvalgydavomės, žvalgytis
žvalgydavotės, žvalgytis
žvalgysiusi, žvalgytis
žvalgysisi, žvalgytis
žvalgysis, žvalgytis
žvalgysimės, žvalgytis
žvalgysitės, žvalgytis
žvalgyčiausi, žvalgytis
žvalgytumeisi, žvalgytis
žvalgytųsi, žvalgytis
žvalgytu(mė)mės, žvalgytis
žvalgytu(mė)tės, žvalgytis
žvangintis, žvangintis
žvanginuosi, žvangintis
žvanginiesi, žvangintis
žvanginasi, žvangintis
žvanginamės, žvangintis
žvanginatės, žvangintis
žvanginks, žvangintis
žvanginkitės, žvangintis
žvanginkimės, žvangintis
žvanginausi, žvangintis
žvanginaisi, žvangintis
žvanginosi, žvangintis
žvanginomės, žvangintis
žvanginotės, žvangintis
žvangindavausi, žvangintis
žvangindavaisi, žvangintis
žvangindavosi, žvangintis
žvangindavomės, žvangintis
žvangindavotės, žvangintis
žvanginsiusi, žvangintis
žvanginsisi, žvangintis
žvanginsis, žvangintis
žvanginsimės, žvangintis
žvanginsitės, žvangintis
žvanginčiausi, žvangintis
žvangintumeisi, žvangintis
žvangintųsi, žvangintis
žvangintu(mė)mės, žvangintis
žvangintu(mė)tės, žvangintis
žvarbėtis, žvarbėtis
žvarbuosi, žvarbėtis
žvarbiesi, žvarbėtis
žvarbasi, žvarbėtis
žvarbamės, žvarbėtis
žvarbatės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėks, žvarbėtis
žvarbėkitės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėkimės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėjausi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėjaisi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėjosi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėjomės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėjotės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėdavausi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėdavaisi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėdavosi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėdavomės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėdavotės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėsiusi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėsisi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėsis, žvarbėtis
žvarbėsimės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėsitės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėčiausi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėtumeisi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėtųsi, žvarbėtis
žvarbėtu(mė)mės, žvarbėtis
žvarbėtu(mė)tės, žvarbėtis
žvarbtis, žvarbtis
žvarbstuosi, žvarbtis
žvarbstiesi, žvarbtis
žvarbstasi, žvarbtis
žvarbstamės, žvarbtis
žvarbstatės, žvarbtis
žvarbks, žvarbtis
žvarbkitės, žvarbtis
žvarbkimės, žvarbtis
žvarbausi, žvarbtis
žvarbaisi, žvarbtis
žvarbosi, žvarbtis
žvarbomės, žvarbtis
žvarbotės, žvarbtis
žvarbdavausi, žvarbtis
žvarbdavaisi, žvarbtis
žvarbdavosi, žvarbtis
žvarbdavomės, žvarbtis
žvarbdavotės, žvarbtis
žvarbsiusi, žvarbtis
žvarbsisi, žvarbtis
žvarbsis, žvarbtis
žvarbsimės, žvarbtis
žvarbsitės, žvarbtis
žvarbčiausi, žvarbtis
žvarbtumeisi, žvarbtis
žvarbtųsi, žvarbtis
žvarbtu(mė)mės, žvarbtis
žvarbtu(mė)tės, žvarbtis
žvejotis, žvejotis
žvejojuosi, žvejotis
žvejojiesi, žvejotis
žvejojasi, žvejotis
žvejojamės, žvejotis
žvejojatės, žvejotis
žvejoks, žvejotis
žvejokitės, žvejotis
žvejokimės, žvejotis
žvejojausi, žvejotis
žvejojaisi, žvejotis
žvejojosi, žvejotis
žvejojomės, žvejotis
žvejojotės, žvejotis
žvejodavausi, žvejotis
žvejodavaisi, žvejotis
žvejodavosi, žvejotis
žvejodavomės, žvejotis
žvejodavotės, žvejotis
žvejosiusi, žvejotis
žvejosisi, žvejotis
žvejosis, žvejotis
žvejosimės, žvejotis
žvejositės, žvejotis
žvejočiausi, žvejotis
žvejotumeisi, žvejotis
žvejotųsi, žvejotis
žvejotu(mė)mės, žvejotis
žvejotu(mė)tės, žvejotis
žvelgtis, žvelgtis
žvelgiuosi, žvelgtis
žvelgiesi, žvelgtis
žvelgiasi, žvelgtis
žvelgiamės, žvelgtis
žvelgiatės, žvelgtis
žvelks, žvelgtis
žvelkitės, žvelgtis
žvelkimės, žvelgtis
žvelgiausi, žvelgtis
žvelgeisi, žvelgtis
žvelgėsi, žvelgtis
žvelgėmės, žvelgtis
žvelgėtės, žvelgtis
žvelgdavausi, žvelgtis
žvelgdavaisi, žvelgtis
žvelgdavosi, žvelgtis
žvelgdavomės, žvelgtis
žvelgdavotės, žvelgtis
žvelgsiusi, žvelgtis
žvelgsisi, žvelgtis
žvelgsis, žvelgtis
žvelgsimės, žvelgtis
žvelgsitės, žvelgtis
žvelgčiausi, žvelgtis
žvelgtumeisi, žvelgtis
žvelgtųsi, žvelgtis
žvelgtu(mė)mės, žvelgtis
žvelgtu(mė)tės, žvelgtis
žvengtis, žvengtis
žvengiuosi, žvengtis
žvengiesi, žvengtis
žvengiasi, žvengtis
žvengiamės, žvengtis
žvengiatės, žvengtis
žvenks, žvengtis
žvenkitės, žvengtis
žvenkimės, žvengtis
žvengiausi, žvengtis
žvengeisi, žvengtis
žvengėsi, žvengtis
žvengėmės, žvengtis
žvengėtės, žvengtis
žvengdavausi, žvengtis
žvengdavaisi, žvengtis
žvengdavosi, žvengtis
žvengdavomės, žvengtis
žvengdavotės, žvengtis
žvengsiusi, žvengtis
žvengsisi, žvengtis
žvengsis, žvengtis
žvengsimės, žvengtis
žvengsitės, žvengtis
žvengčiausi, žvengtis
žvengtumeisi, žvengtis
žvengtųsi, žvengtis
žvengtu(mė)mės, žvengtis
žvengtu(mė)tės, žvengtis
žviegtis, žviegtis
žviegiuosi, žviegtis
žviegiesi, žviegtis
žviegiasi, žviegtis
žviegiamės, žviegtis
žviegiatės, žviegtis
žvieks, žviegtis
žviekitės, žviegtis
žviekimės, žviegtis
žviegiausi, žviegtis
žviegeisi, žviegtis
žviegėsi, žviegtis
žviegėmės, žviegtis
žviegėtės, žviegtis
žviegdavausi, žviegtis
žviegdavaisi, žviegtis
žviegdavosi, žviegtis
žviegdavomės, žviegtis
žviegdavotės, žviegtis
žviegsiusi, žviegtis
žviegsisi, žviegtis
žviegsis, žviegtis
žviegsimės, žviegtis
žviegsitės, žviegtis
žviegčiausi, žviegtis
žviegtumeisi, žviegtis
žviegtųsi, žviegtis
žviegtu(mė)mės, žviegtis
žviegtu(mė)tės, žviegtis
žvilgčiotis, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojuosi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojiesi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojasi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojamės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojatės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčioks, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiokitės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiokimės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojausi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojaisi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojosi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojomės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiojotės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiodavausi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiodavaisi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiodavosi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiodavomės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiodavotės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiosiusi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiosisi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiosis, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiosimės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiositės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiočiausi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiotumeisi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiotųsi, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiotu(mė)mės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgčiotu(mė)tės, žvilgčiotis
žvilgėtis, žvilgėtis
žvilguosi, žvilgėtis
žvilgiesi, žvilgėtis
žvilgasi, žvilgėtis
žvilgamės, žvilgėtis
žvilgatės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėks, žvilgėtis
žvilgėkitės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėkimės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėjausi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėjaisi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėjosi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėjomės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėjotės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėdavausi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėdavaisi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėdavosi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėdavomės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėdavotės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėsiusi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėsisi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėsis, žvilgėtis
žvilgėsimės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėsitės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėčiausi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėtumeisi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėtųsi, žvilgėtis
žvilgėtu(mė)mės, žvilgėtis
žvilgėtu(mė)tės, žvilgėtis
žvilgtelėtis, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjuosi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjiesi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjasi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjamės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjatės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėks, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėkitės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėkimės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjausi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjaisi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjosi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjomės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėjotės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėdavausi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėdavaisi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėdavosi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėdavomės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėdavotės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėsiusi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėsisi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėsis, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėsimės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėsitės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėčiausi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėtumeisi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėtųsi, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėtu(mė)mės, žvilgtelėtis
žvilgtelėtu(mė)tės, žvilgtelėtis
zvimbtis, zvimbtis
zvimbiuosi, zvimbtis
zvimbiesi, zvimbtis
zvimbiasi, zvimbtis
zvimbiamės, zvimbtis
zvimbiatės, zvimbtis
zvimbks, zvimbtis
zvimbkitės, zvimbtis
zvimbkimės, zvimbtis
zvimbiausi, zvimbtis
zvimbeisi, zvimbtis
zvimbėsi, zvimbtis
zvimbėmės, zvimbtis
zvimbėtės, zvimbtis
zvimbdavausi, zvimbtis
zvimbdavaisi, zvimbtis
zvimbdavosi, zvimbtis
zvimbdavomės, zvimbtis
zvimbdavotės, zvimbtis
zvimbsiusi, zvimbtis
zvimbsisi, zvimbtis
zvimbsis, zvimbtis
zvimbsimės, zvimbtis
zvimbsitės, zvimbtis
zvimbčiausi, zvimbtis
zvimbtumeisi, zvimbtis
zvimbtųsi, zvimbtis
zvimbtu(mė)mės, zvimbtis
zvimbtu(mė)tės, zvimbtis
žvygautis, žvygautis
žvygaujuosi, žvygautis
žvygaujiesi, žvygautis
žvygaujasi, žvygautis
žvygaujamės, žvygautis
žvygaujatės, žvygautis
žvygauks, žvygautis
žvygaukitės, žvygautis
žvygaukimės, žvygautis
žvygavausi, žvygautis
žvygavaisi, žvygautis
žvygavosi, žvygautis
žvygavomės, žvygautis
žvygavotės, žvygautis
žvygaudavausi, žvygautis
žvygaudavaisi, žvygautis
žvygaudavosi, žvygautis
žvygaudavomės, žvygautis
žvygaudavotės, žvygautis
žvygausiusi, žvygautis
žvygausisi, žvygautis
žvygausis, žvygautis
žvygausimės, žvygautis
žvygausitės, žvygautis
žvygaučiausi, žvygautis
žvygautumeisi, žvygautis
žvygautųsi, žvygautis
žvygautu(mė)mės, žvygautis
žvygautu(mė)tės, žvygautis
žybėtis, žybėtis
žibuosi, žybėtis
žibiesi, žybėtis
žibasi, žybėtis
žibamės, žybėtis
žibatės, žybėtis
žybėks, žybėtis
žybėkitės, žybėtis
žybėkimės, žybėtis
žibėjausi, žybėtis
žibėjaisi, žybėtis
žibėjosi, žybėtis
žibėjomės, žybėtis
žibėjotės, žybėtis
žybėdavausi, žybėtis
žybėdavaisi, žybėtis
žybėdavosi, žybėtis
žybėdavomės, žybėtis
žybėdavotės, žybėtis
žybėsiusi, žybėtis
žybėsisi, žybėtis
žibėsis, žybėtis
žybėsimės, žybėtis
žybėsitės, žybėtis
žybėčiausi, žybėtis
žybėtumeisi, žybėtis
žybėtųsi, žybėtis
žybėtu(mė)mės, žybėtis
žybėtu(mė)tės, žybėtis
žybsėtis, žybsėtis
žybsiusi, žybsėtis
žybsisi, žybsėtis
žybsisi, žybsėtis
žybsimės, žybsėtis
žybsitės, žybsėtis
žybsėks, žybsėtis
žybsėkitės, žybsėtis
žybsėkimės, žybsėtis
žybsėjausi, žybsėtis
žybsėjaisi, žybsėtis
žybsėjosi, žybsėtis
žybsėjomės, žybsėtis
žybsėjotės, žybsėtis
žybsėdavausi, žybsėtis
žybsėdavaisi, žybsėtis
žybsėdavosi, žybsėtis
žybsėdavomės, žybsėtis
žybsėdavotės, žybsėtis
žybsėsiusi, žybsėtis
žybsėsisi, žybsėtis
žybsėsis, žybsėtis
žybsėsimės, žybsėtis
žybsėsitės, žybsėtis
žybsėčiausi, žybsėtis
žybsėtumeisi, žybsėtis
žybsėtųsi, žybsėtis
žybsėtu(mė)mės, žybsėtis
žybsėtu(mė)tės, žybsėtis
žydėtis, žydėtis
žydžiusi, žydėtis
žydisi, žydėtis
žydisi, žydėtis
žydimės, žydėtis
žyditės, žydėtis
žydėks, žydėtis
žydėkitės, žydėtis
žydėkimės, žydėtis
žydėjausi, žydėtis
žydėjaisi, žydėtis
žydėjosi, žydėtis
žydėjomės, žydėtis
žydėjotės, žydėtis
žydėdavausi, žydėtis
žydėdavaisi, žydėtis
žydėdavosi, žydėtis
žydėdavomės, žydėtis
žydėdavotės, žydėtis
žydėsiusi, žydėtis
žydėsisi, žydėtis
žydėsis, žydėtis
žydėsimės, žydėtis
žydėsitės, žydėtis
žydėčiausi, žydėtis
žydėtumeisi, žydėtis
žydėtųsi, žydėtis
žydėtu(mė)mės, žydėtis
žydėtu(mė)tės, žydėtis
žygiuotis, žygiuotis
žygiuojuosi, žygiuotis
žygiuojiesi, žygiuotis
žygiuojasi, žygiuotis
žygiuojamės, žygiuotis
žygiuojatės, žygiuotis
žygiuoks, žygiuotis
žygiuokitės, žygiuotis
žygiuokimės, žygiuotis
žygiavausi, žygiuotis
žygiavaisi, žygiuotis
žygiavosi, žygiuotis
žygiavomės, žygiuotis
žygiavotės, žygiuotis
žygiuodavausi, žygiuotis
žygiuodavaisi, žygiuotis
žygiuodavosi, žygiuotis
žygiuodavomės, žygiuotis
žygiuodavotės, žygiuotis
žygiuosiusi, žygiuotis
žygiuosisi, žygiuotis
žygiuosis, žygiuotis
žygiuosimės, žygiuotis
žygiuositės, žygiuotis
žygiuočiausi, žygiuotis
žygiuotumeisi, žygiuotis
žygiuotųsi, žygiuotis
žygiuotu(mė)mės, žygiuotis
žygiuotu(mė)tės, žygiuotis
žymėtis, žymėtis
žymiusi, žymėtis
žymisi, žymėtis
žymisi, žymėtis
žymimės, žymėtis
žymitės, žymėtis
žymėks, žymėtis
žymėkitės, žymėtis
žymėkimės, žymėtis
žymėjausi, žymėtis
žymėjaisi, žymėtis
žymėjosi, žymėtis
žymėjomės, žymėtis
žymėjotės, žymėtis
žymėdavausi, žymėtis
žymėdavaisi, žymėtis
žymėdavosi, žymėtis
žymėdavomės, žymėtis
žymėdavotės, žymėtis
žymėsiusi, žymėtis
žymėsisi, žymėtis
žymėsis, žymėtis
žymėsimės, žymėtis
žymėsitės, žymėtis
žymėčiausi, žymėtis
žymėtumeisi, žymėtis
žymėtųsi, žymėtis
žymėtu(mė)mės, žymėtis
žymėtu(mė)tės, žymėtis
žystis, žystis
žyruosi, žystis
žyriesi, žystis
žyrasi, žystis
žyramės, žystis
žyratės, žystis
žysks, žystis
žyskitės, žystis
žyskimės, žystis
žirausi, žystis
žiraisi, žystis
žirosi, žystis
žiromės, žystis
žirotės, žystis
žysdavausi, žystis
žysdavaisi, žystis
žysdavosi, žystis
žysdavomės, žystis
žysdavotės, žystis
žysiusi, žystis
žysisi, žystis
žisis, žystis
žysimės, žystis
žysitės, žystis
žysčiausi, žystis
žystumeisi, žystis
žystųsi, žystis
žystu(mė)mės, žystis
žystu(mė)tės, žystis
zystis, zystis
zyziuosi, zystis
zyziesi, zystis
zyziasi, zystis
zyziamės, zystis
zyziatės, zystis
zysks, zystis
zyskitės, zystis
zyskimės, zystis
zyziausi, zystis
zyzeisi, zystis
zyzėsi, zystis
zyzėmės, zystis
zyzėtės, zystis
zysdavausi, zystis
zysdavaisi, zystis
zysdavosi, zystis
zysdavomės, zystis
zysdavotės, zystis
zysiusi, zystis
zysisi, zystis
zysis, zystis
zysimės, zystis
zysitės, zystis
zysčiausi, zystis
zystumeisi, zystis
zystųsi, zystis
zystu(mė)mės, zystis
zystu(mė)tės, zystis
zyztis, zyztis
zyziuosi, zyztis
zyziesi, zyztis
zyziasi, zyztis
zyziamės, zyztis
zyziatės, zyztis
zyzks, zyztis
zyzkitės, zyztis
zyzkimės, zyztis
zyziausi, zyztis
zyzeisi, zyztis
zyzėsi, zyztis
zyzėmės, zyztis
zyzėtės, zyztis
zyzdavausi, zyztis
zyzdavaisi, zyztis
zyzdavosi, zyztis
zyzdavomės, zyztis
zyzdavotės, zyztis
zyzsiusi, zyztis
zyzsisi, zyztis
zyzsis, zyztis
zyzsimės, zyztis
zyzsitės, zyztis
zyzčiausi, zyztis
zyztumeisi, zyztis
zyztųsi, zyztis
zyztu(mė)mės, zyztis
zyztu(mė)tės, zyztis